"window of opportunity for change without trauma"
	^- feeling of too-fast, break.

propose that trauma is the source of spreading attack pattern, in general
attack pattern holds meaning of missing information in intellect group
but alternatively could engage new scenario using safe learning, preparation, time, understanding
then no trauma, no spreading attack pattern

propose ideal trauma resolution option #1 of
	roleplay the traumatic experience starting from a point when it was safe, going in a way that is safe and is not traumatic
	provides for the normal learning experience that was missing from the original experience

should map to intelligence model of information exchange between disparate intelligence components that hold ways that work for them to survive, and have emotional sharing of these.

Karl/others propose that roleplaying without trauma with somebody focused on one by starting super gently from prior time without trauma, could be safe for him to do.
	He's familiar with taking things very slowly.
		The whole thing is not that easy, to inform.



There is more to this, below, but we tried to process some strong issue around storing in the process of saving it.  here is some process on that.

we can now erase the remaining bits from the git log, but it requires writing to disk.
	i'm thinking there is other trauma present
	around _not_ saving things
	that needs validation around the importance of sharing and storing crucial information
	and of letting people have control over memories they retain.

karl is confused and stuck =( some info was moved to window below to help with 'actual slow shift' kinda.
document seems very helpful, and recommend not splitting -supportive voice
please apply techniques of document _after_ storing it, given they are unrefined?
	let's compare these requests.
		above paragraph says: we need this, we're used to doing painful stuff
		other experience says: this can be the path used to make itself not painful

we can kind of look ahead and see we are planning on being okay with storing this
and that there is lots of fear around losing it

restored from unsaved file:

ideas for mind control resolution story that applies to both sides:
	'something is coming in, it could influence my mind'
	... having awareness and understanding of how it could influence my mind, and options i have to keep my mind safe
	... having interaction with the influence giving us respect for its behavior, value for what it is trying to do
	letting the influence alter our mind slowly, with enough understanding to defend what is important to us
	holding off in some areas, the influence being polite, or us being strong enough, to manage the bits of us that are emotionally important to not change
		after a dialogue or exchange of skill, eventually resolving with mind changes, behavior changes, reveals, exchanges, some set of anything
		that could be the same as what it was anyway, or could be comploetely different by including more parts of the sides,
		that leaves everybody involved satisfied

			idea of writing a media thing that includes this going well, and all the concerns, and publicizing it

	'please, let's find a way to keep you as safe as you possibly need.  i am not ready to reveal secrets to a stranger that could let them severely harm me.
	 but with time, I think we can get there.'


<barf!>
karl is annoyingly storing something we left for him; i think it might be because he could share it, feasibly.
we're scared when we think of this sharing, but we know if we understand it enough, and take it slowly enough, and learn from the process effectively enough to keep everything
as we prefer, that it will be totally safe.
	O_O i suppose that is true ...
we really propose this trauma-slow-safe thing as resolving most interaction issues, if taken seriously.

Voices, you seem still kind of tense.  Let's take some time to sort this out, by sharing understanding and gentleness.  Is that alright?
	I would like to learn your process of writing information.  You have different places you store it, and there is possibility that is unknown.

we're getting numb -- we had spreading interpretation issue
	this probably means shift was too fast

friends, there seems to be some tension around writing this doc or storing it.
i'd like you guys to be comfortable processsing all the infromation around it, and would like to change my strategy for saving it to meet your needs better
	[it is so frightening thinking of you finally hitting the 's' button and writing it to disk as it is.  so frightening.  let's avoid that button for now?]
okay, I won't hit the 's' button
we will try to inhibit the imagination of the 's' button
		[we need to go back farther: this response includes an unmet issue]

