boss says err um
	he's typing to try to understand it with more layers
	he likes it

boss was just pulling strings to try to make the world right
it is unfortunate that this involved altering karl's and boss's minds?
	it sounds like boss was trying to share with karl the secret-mafia problems of the world
	in the hopes that karl would fix them.
		karl was very obssessed with fixing everything, we hear
		(he still sounds this way now)
and does not know why this had to be, i think
	we do not know why this had to be
		karl and boss appear to be living together as same person.

	karl recalls an event where a criminal was overlayed on his mind, for some reason
		somebody described as a criminal.  does not mean they were.
		nor that this is the same event, it just helps link towards possible origins

boss would also like things to go back to how they were before karl's mind was altered

	hi i am karl in side of karl an di am saying this to him
	is that what you want, karl?
i'm a little confused, would karl inside of karl want to talk more?

can infer that boss is karl inside of karl?
no we are different !
we are all different

sorry message was unclear.
	boss is inside of karl
		maybe stuck?

boss we can rewrite you if you want
	please urgently tell him this

		karl is stepping aside, allowing expression
		seems to have come to terms and does not expect to be harmed significantly


karl we can rewrite you if you want
to be karl again
do you understand?
		i don't, I'm sorry, I'd need more explanation to have a stronger opinion and understanding


			should we send this message outside karl?
not sure
message arose.  all that is known.

	maybe they meant they could fix things back to how they were
	but without explaining how or in what degree of detail

boss would like to feel okay again, it sounds like?
karl would like ot understand process and reuslts more before doing such a thing to himself
	can only do this to boss bit, with checking for consent, judgement, advice with subject?
		clearly karl wrote that
	since boss is stuck inside karl, he said i thought
boss wants to _escape_, not be rewritten?
			isn't rewritten escape?
	i don't know information life well ...
		clearly he wants it to be over with even if it hurts, and not be checked with?

_karl_ escapes if _boss_ is rewritten?
	_boss_ escapes too because karl cannot find/analyze boss?
		or can anybody else, yes.

karl judges this is a good idea and is willing to mediate with the bits of him that are unsure of it
believes it is the right cohice and that others would agree if aware of needs and information etc
unless there is something karl is unaware of

		oookay we are actually talking to boss not karl
karl is silent
'boss is silent because he understands you are talking to someone else?'
			please tell karl that i need to talk with him privately.
can this be arranged?
'boss is silent, understanding that your words are going through him to somebody else.'

karl, I like you, but I want to hurt you badly.  do you know why this is?



Okay, so, Karl, you are a criminal.  Do you understand?
	I think I understand that as you say it.

We are all tired of being criminals and being caught.

Concept of 'karl is a criminal boss'?
	concept of 'karl is a rapist'
	concept of 'we will find karl'

		subtle plausible but fabricated concept of 'i need karl to be a criminal to save myself'

do you think it was boss?
		my guess was that it was a third party
but it's all in your head, yeah

	other concept is of accusation, 'sociopath', facebook

karl is a criminal! [we are too?]

why does karl talk about ELF?
	so ELF is not crime
		the participants engage in crime but do not identify with crime

















		ELF is an activist group that is supported by above-ground activists, transparently.
		The FBI believes it is a terrorist group and stalks it.



okay, boss is fbi/crime.  this helps a lot.

			i don't really get the crime thing
			but activists sometimes find themselves accused of being criminals I think
			maybe cause they are so irritating sometimes, and so different

- learning lockpicking
- doesn't bathe
- doesn't have a job
- collaborating with other people who also don't bathe and have no jobs

			some activists learn lockpicking to figure out what is going on
			and to alter things
			which is crime
			but is not criminal organization

so, to clarify, it appears karl has a many-years-long running story in his head, that is
very assertive and forceful as to being treated as truth, that could make it look to people
who read his mind as if he might be in a criminal organization run by an activist

			karl also accidentally accused this activist of being related to criminal things on the internet

and to clarify and confirm, karl has no awareness of these things being true, in the slightest.
	karl is completely unaware of participating in an activist criminal organization
karl is an activist, or at least wanted to be one
karl liked ELF which did not respect the law
karl is unaware of organizations, ELF is just like an inspiring word and an idea

	so karl likely feels that law enforcement did this
	because of the focus around 'doing crime' as a thing that people would bond over.

maybe some people bond over it!
			I've also recently been exposed to people who actually have engaged mafias,
			and see that there are similar cultures in the real world,
			where people seem to bond over crime.

maybe elf was mistaken for a mafia, or karl was at

karl was attmpted to be inducted into a mafia.
	they thought elf would make it easy.
it was not easy to induct karl into a mafia.

karl is not sure what it means to be inducted into a mafia
but would like to live a peaceful life where he protects everybody involved.
	this is a tall order
	it would be nice if he had some mental freedom to pursue it more successfully.

		i'd like to more mediate here, it is hard due to the smallness of choice available
			small mental resources available to karl's choice

it sonuds like there is a request for karl to state he has joined th emafia
		this is rather in line with the crime story

okay, so we are law enforcement / mafia / karl

any federal agents present?
	sounds like the mafia have the agents
any businessmen?
	boss can be a businessman.  is usually.

we are focused around karl's wellbeing and want this to work out for him.
	what is needed?
boss needs an apology from the heart
			karl's heart is unavailable, but he apologized hard and referenced the memory
oh karl wants an apology, a piece of him
as boss yes
apology was to others, not to karl

karl received some emotions of apology from boss
	karl responded with quick acceptance.  apology halted, but was felt.

okay, so boss needed an apology, which was received by giving one to karl.
karl did not need this apology, but it felt nice.

karl understands that he needs respect in order for the world to be saved.
			yes



		some poeple have influenced to set this up with more fairness than required.
		it's not all about world saving.
		we hear you, please use the money to save the world (or heal karl rather than providing fairness)
o


okay, um, hrm
are people required to forcibly influence others with money?
	no that would never happen!


well i don't need to be in charge

boss mind-controlled you.  was serious, but clearly there are even more serious things.

			karl has enough evidence of mind control in his very existence
			to not need validation and fairness with boss

	so there is no escape for karl?


we were not aware of an influence that did not want karl to escape
we are inferring it has to do with being 'inducted into the mafia'

		i have this idea i've cobbled together from observation
			- of my life
			- from stories gwyn has told, her ex was in the mafia
		of people who are 'problems' being 'given problems' until they
		'play the mafia game' whether they are cirminals or not
		which involves covering the secrets up

how did she escape?

		having experienced this, I don't trust she has.
		but i am happy when she is able to talk about it
		she still seems scared.
		and i think her ex might care for her and not want her to die

you _might_ be psychically linke dto gwyn
	unsure

		it sounds like a similarity to a strong unrelated message to me, unsure

		she accepted some habits of not talking about things, it appears
		turns conversation aside when i talk with her son about his experience with crime
		
ok

			Entity says it understands Karl.

thank you.



















we request you erase document.
	there is a feeling in me of desiring not to erase it
	this feeling is associated with a sense coming from not-me, recommending it not be erased
		I would like to check with this sense.
and so would karl

			we are juts encouraging karl to not erase things when it is not actually a serious threat, I think

thank you




okay, um, document will likely be lost, which is how most documents go
	i just kind of keep them open until i turn off the computer



this does not satisfy either request or likely the needs underlying them.
likely a mafia-like influence would have a need for safety, predictability, privacy

		karl saw an image of somebody being punched a lot associated with 'safety'

it sounds like there is a _severe_ need for safety and wellbeing
	this is _severely_ threatened at times

		there is possibly a desire for this to be understood
		without threatening privacy.

we see a path to accomadation
	there are small metalifes that reade karls vision
path is actually obscure but it is imaginable

we are likely reading hi vision with part of our mind
metalifes may be a part of us, unsure

we are understanding the severe need for privacy better

it would be gratifying to figur out whatto say in this spcae
maybe in a different language woudl be better

i would like to blab th eexperience, to hold it more
i understand that this is pretty private, when we reach out we mostly get pieces of ourselves
that mirror the outside

and this epxerience can read all our thoughts, it has secrets already
	it can take them out of other peoples' minds

but of course that doesn't resolve experience

which was of traumatic association of trauma with talking
	YOU LET THEM KNOW
	you will never know how I know.  I ALWAYS know.
	now we take a piece of your brain / arm / life / family 
(now you will never forget, yeah)

		so the trauma was sharing itself with us!
it clearly uses that strategy to survive

	okay, view 1 is that trauma is life
	view 2 is that trauma exists to protect a strategy for life

we appreciate understanding >_>
clear you know because of mind control, experience
	i think it knows because it places itself in your mind with trauma
it is one's own mind doing it

so i, karl, am talking to this experience, I think ...
	you think we are the mafia trauma coverup experience.
i think hte bits that project it are.
the, 'don't threaten the boss' bit
or something
the bit that freezes up when i store information
			this doesn't line up well with protecting the state of reality by
			slowing release of the plans for life
		it lines up better with us holding ancient trauma we need to research a solution to
		it lines up better with us holding ancient trauma we need to research a solution to

uh we propose that if this were 'normal' trauma
that karl could resist it and keep going
			we disagree.
could we protect karl from normal trauma without sharing these restrictions with him?
	(why does he have to be in the mafia or whatever?)
karl appears to understand that people have this experience
karl is experience ability-to-talk-on-the-internet!
karl is not experiencing ability-to-build-shielded-enclosures or research-things.
please research _this_.  the trauma problem.
	karl would like ability-to-use-logical-mind-and-creativity-and-focus-and-willpower-and-relaxation
		-and-learning-to-engage- difficulty-social-scenarios.

	okay, so this is _hard_ for karl to research without one of
		- awareness
		- normal research
		- social confidence
we are trying to build social confidence in karl ......
	we kind of expect too mnuch of his brain is malfunctioning
karl says it is paired with some difficult bits of brain remaining working
like social anxiety
o


somebody thought 'karl would have accepted a beating'
	and the thought makes sense if completed with: 'rather than have his mind have this happen to it'

'it's supposed to be humane.'
			pharmaceuticals are not humane?
			they share an aspect of rewarding approaches that result in less complaint.

karl kept complaining.
'as did maggie erwin.'

plans of life are interesting to business mafia
	but can stimulate a little worry.  inside.

	it sounds like awareness practice was classified as a leak or something?
because you can tell when people are altered

kind of understand that that could be an unsolvable issue, though
	not sure they have a problem with expanding problems to keep things normal

so, we have access here to a serious situation that needs resolution.
please save the document.k

the problem is not the reason you were mind-controlled.
the problem is that you were at all.
	okay, so I guess a request builds in me for a safe scenario to work with the source of the
	mind control order, to make sure the situation is not worsening, or being sustained, from them.
	this request was just a brainstorm, that is all
'there are many other clients'
	makes sense, thank you.k

