we think the unspoken message of attack culture
is that it is possible at all for a self-connecting pattern of trauma and pain handling
to form a structure that spreads and destroys everything

	he says that the location and structure of the pattern destroying everything should be trackable by the nature of culture and wisdom
	
			it spawns more, yes













"what worked for me to solve this was attacking everyone else.  struggling like mad to be on top.  and now i'm above you and can get some relief."
	it's important to do that.  we need to struggle like mad and most of our parts will die.
		maybe we can integrate and use the parts to support one struggler.

we reached this point by following the 'wisdom map' made from parts-of-intellect, human-needs, and stages-of-civilization with meaning










are-you-trying-to-hurt-me concept



						1. some structures can build that spread attacking-everything-and-dominting-it-all aggressively
						2. our way to handle this was to attack everything and dominate it all aggressively
							it gets weak and becomes more easy to manipulate and absorb or push away

using model of traumatic-habit-indicates-way-didn't-work-at-distance
	we can infer that peoples' needs were unmet so thoroughly that their ability to survive broke

it looks like structure is scared of others.  culture assumes that others have the same culture of attacking and dominating.
	'eek! they are _actually_ seeking out my weak spots and destroying them!'

i mean it kind of looks like the problem is that pain is spread by attack ... that when people ar ein need they survive-in-emergency and take from others, and this spreads the being-in-need
	nahhhhhhh we prefered th enumbness reference?  (??)  looks like too many links were lost

the problem is when dominating-it-all-aggressively gets so large that it forgets who is at the top and makes a lot of interconnected domination that ends in obscure technology for control and
surveillance that freezes up in confusion.
	
	people find peace in this storm, usually by being unaware of some things.  diverse forms of numbness.

		the structure looks like, rather than a network of forms-of-hurting, has to do with habits of humanity, and speeds of communication and research

'i don't know how to spread it anymore, i have too much' - pain
















SO: we suspect there are human habits that are poorly adapted for the number of people in this situation, or the number of kinds of technology, or something.
	

		the system is saying maybe 'act faster, think less' -- which looks to karl like trying to form a large reliable structure like a business or a multicelled body or a military
			that's just karl having that i thnik?  not sure

holder-of-great-suffering.  ideally can hold safe meaning of suffering of others? or maybe can remove it?
	this-is-being-spread-and-nobody-understands-it.  need to find a way to stifle spread so that people can relax enough to discuss it.
		so, you imagine a people that does not die and cannot be controlled
		that accept pain without experiencing it
		you imagine these people saving the world

	hrmmmm urgency-to-control tries to form larger behavior-focused group

i theorize that we evolve to being blind to a way to resist control
and a select few holding this way, but appearing assholes to everyone
	these people would need to discuss what is actually going on and how to make it right


			karl we would like to make you a numb world-saver
to do this, karl, we hope you can learn to hurt others.

no, be okay with being stimulated to hurt others.  never act.
	hrm urgency-to-control is not halted
		it's more meta i think?














				we are like a small isolated community that has found a lot of ways of there being problems
				like a zombie apocalypse again, where spread-of-need-itself is the zombie



					that assumes leader is controlled.  might be hierarchical.
						is hierarchical the same as still-spreading?  yeah it looks the same.













	that sounds DOABLE believe it or not
there are probably also other solutions












how would a separate community solve this?
	i heard a legend where a man entered a community focused on violent domination and found the strongest dominator
		visitor managed to appear invincible by using a secret the whole community lacked, so they respected him
		then he took this dominator and put him in a leader role that valued his powers, in a new community of peace



















			your inner dialogue is weird, Karl.
				I want to work with my neighbors more.  Why do we have to fight?  And I don't mean that literally.

let's fight the _others_ not each other.
Lte's even collaborate with the others, and struggle to form differing competing ideas.
	Keep your idea in its box!  We want to try our way!

so leader-stays-in-power but develops collaborative internal structure?
	hopefully builds enough collaboration for somebody to judge the situation as a whole?















maybe respond to complaints with the analysis

kalr has friends disliking the structure, he could try to move blame towards the creation of structures that do this?
hrm =S


it is way more complicated than healing or attacking a small core group.
	although unlikely that top-healing has been tried -Karl











maybe we could watch media for leaders/businessmen/etc
could help


how to check in with guesses?
=S more metawork?












people at the top have it rough because they have so much responsibility
everybody wants them to fix everything
	right?

		nobody present to answer














			would they disagree?
you'd have to speak to their pain within their cultural language, I think (so, likely)

	you propose the _leaders at the top_ are having it really rough somehow
		(probably harassed by rebels, activists, etc, dunno)
			but really he means they are numb because their families/cultures/etc left something out.








>_> the problem is when a cultural layer actually destroys everything
but this happens every single time
when people discovered agriculture, books, weapons -- these things took over all culture by spreading

agriculture is not attacking _itself_. is it?
	people live in a fear of not having enough food

i guess it needs judgemenet/consideration.  most people will not think agriculture is a spreading pain.
i think th emessage is right, feeling-wise atm.


track to agriculture to maintain privacy of current system, roughly























we want to keep democracy etc as a way.  we want to have non-hierarchical groups.
we want it to be okay to pursue processes that remove suffering from our groups.

we want rebellion to happen occasionally.
