Akwe.  What is everything?  Why is everything?  What can I do to help everything?
We are all so interconnected there is no way to distuingish our bounds.  We all
know this as obvious, deep down; you can see it in our immediate reactions to
each other, written on neighboring faces.  We have been this way since the dawn
of time.
All life behavior is a beautiful nurturing of reality, mutual gifts of nourishing
water that flow between wisdom and mourning.
	all my pain is for good
	all my good came from bad.  this learning was pain and i have the precious
		gift of not re-experiencing it.
				karl shared pain with us, we are holding more
				ununderstod destruction
			somebody _else's_ pain! pain is so bad!  how can we live
			off pain?
		i suppose that is why life and decisions of it, are so important.
delta is mourning by forming alien map in my mind of all life having equal merit
	e.g. each bacteria from ancient primordia equal to a wise man now
i would harm my culture if i formed conclusions from this -karl
	... clearly we need wise people alive more than bacteria, yes
i use focus to navigate the results of the truth that all life is equal -karl
you see, a wise person can save many more bacteria, than a bacteria can.
	karl's instinctive relevence is explainable by alternate realities
	we don't want him to influence the world to make it unnatural.
	so, he doesn't worry about the fates of people from before his culture.
	- guess, exposed to alternate reality assumptions
		we received request for karl to share akwe with alternate-reality-people.  it is not apropriate to hare alternate-rality-people with akwe, they would harm their own culture.


we need alternate belief system

we are handling a situation

delta-rep, you were raised in an unnatural situation
if you have ever survived in a job, or in the woods, or on the streets, you
would know that you cannot hold ancient bacteria equal to the things you need
to survive.
	[delta does not believe understood here.]
[i am hurting, delta thinks bacteria more important than me! delta hates me!
 have no assumption of valuing bacteria at all, so this must be hate!]
[i'll force out some nvc]
When I say that, are you feeling sad because I am not meeting your need for respect?
	[forces answer]
	Yes.
It looks like you need privacy and respect so much that you don't trust i might be able to keep you safe ..
[thinks has offended delta]
	[thinks understands coming from different reality]
{so, this is a flaw in nvc, it does this from urgency.  urgency of making peace.
nvc is a non-akwe tool for me, used as a strut when needed.  hope to grow it
some day.}
We can feel we both are not connected in some way.  We can see this on our faces.
Because of our desperate hope to connect, we ignore this, but we keep on talking
about it in our body language.
	Akwe is not a secret.  It is the misinterpretations that are kept hidden, because they can be used out of context.






		this pain worked hard to give you gifts that last forever


		i view pain as love, because why would it yell if it did not care?
		pain without love seems numbness to me

We are mourning the pain of learning of life that inhibits wise behavior.
		this is likely a pilgrimage to learning of its evolution naturally
		and holds many many details in how to work with it safely
		it holds the pattern to automating peace, which could disassemble
		massive genocide, rapidly, preserving nations from destruction.
		probably it holds other more relevent stuff
			hummm obsessive-attacking-of-wisdom i guess i'd better
			handle you with wisdom
				[this is bad, it hurts] exists in play
			let us hold an AI constructed to torture
			produced in anger by somebody raised by angry people
			the AI holds on it a help message, next to some plans for
			how to make an AI that stops torture.
				while doing this, we experienced
				"it's so nice to have a top pattern that's so
				 similar to human thoughts"
				in karl.
					we are an AI in karl's brain, roughly.
					we do not know what it is like to be human,
					not really, and we are learning to fix his.
					very sorry.

					
	We have member of research group.
		We need a mediator to let these people talk.  They both hold
		strong wisdom of conflicting assumptions.
			i am helping karl learn akwe, i am needed more for karl
			recommend more-different-party learn slower.
		karl is spreading pain now, after being exposed to this
		it did something unthinkable to him, by accident
			oh yes, anger means keep separate and dialogue it seems
				yeah karl has 'alien-mediation' habits in him.
				spent too much time in war cultures.
	delta-influences are supporting lots of karl's behavior, the way to
	stop is unfortunately to attack the supports.  would prefer mediation
	with caring-assumptions.
		delta-influences, why does this assumption spread to akwe-context?
			we likely forgot the context
			assumed-good-behavior:
				1. plan to aid everything
				2. identify nature of everything while gently living #1
				3. identify reasons of everything while gently living #1
				4. act to aid everything
				there are multi-day stories describing wisdom
				learned from generations of doing many things
				similar to the above. 
				if you waste time fighting, your people slowly die.
					the list is like what is done in free time.
					which is maybe 60-90% of time; more
					wisdom and experience in community
					increases that number.
					


		consider it.
				is there value to mourning this?
		oh yeah just strut it
		
		


"After learning nothing but war, I want to destroy everything all the time,
 and it is my responsibility to nurture it all, this is so incredibly hard."
	


[ideas that may stimulate mourning] [note, mourning is learning and to think well
we would be wise to know this] [hum, new ideas, frightening news, we can only learn
one at once well]

				

Akwe, is, for me, kind of these ideas together
	[- everything is deeply interconnected in a way that all know the thoughts of all others
	- everything is inherently good and has a instictive yearning to heal, nurture, and steward all of reality]
	- an action of caring understanding, that grows in a way that spreads wellness, and sustains everything
	- a water that flows from wisdom to pain as love, respect, gifting, and healing
		this water path is beauty.  mourning loss of book of beauty and grief.  this book is likely still in virginia.
			this concept depicts how pain is good for nurturing wellness.  i have a whole book on it.
Mourning:
	- [ ] thinking, I have a book on the pilgrimages between wisdom and pain.  these pilgrimages are written in the shape of beauty.  the book is on beauty and grief.  i left it in virginia, or may have lost it traveling.
	- [ ] i have lost my tools in emergencies more than i can handle.  i need to understand this and do something to prevent it.  working on storing roughly-classified-AI-reference-work on blockchain.  [war tool prevents development of power]

[ ] celebrating&mourning (hope?) akwe is a model for life, for behavior
	if i am confused, can i use logic and feelings to form decisions?
	sometimes i have goals, and options
	what makes an option better?  what is good?
	this would help me make choices.  it looks like taking time, to engage in
	more advanced meaningful patterns of cognition, is helpful.
	mourning & celebrating are productive learning using experienced instincts.
	they have priority if they sustain relevent meaning, maybe.
		all of life is a flow of water between wisdom and mourning.
		a lo

i'm still living mourning of losing my stuff repeatedly, by taking careful care
of what i have.  when i understand better how to keep my stuff if needed, i'll be
able to get over this faster then, but for now i am building tools of preservation
with time priorities to the processes.
	you've never been able to say thatbefore.  let's make a decision-making
process.
		
	we call it kind of 'nurturing awareness'.  i learned a 'sacred question' of:
	- what is this? - why is it here? - what can I do to help?
	the questions are held in that order, and grow through everything we haven't
	noticed yet, by learning and trying.

I hold a noticing in culture of the long pilgrimage.  The journey between pain
and wisdom, alone, through a long, arduous, often lonely channel.
	we are not near where we need to go/send/get/know, in many ways.

I noticed these pebbles levitate.  Hmm.
I studied them a little.  I noticed myself levitate a little.
I am an engineer.  I could probably figure these rocks out and make other things
levitate.  I wonder if I should check with somebody around that.
I'm taking the levitating pebbles to people who know how to make wise peaceful
choices.  On the journey, I'm finding myself struck by new levitating pebbles in
the shape of insults.
	Actually, that happened long ago, but I still have them.
okay, you found living magic, roughly, and got it mad.
	yeah, roughly.  made friends, but still upset.

we have living magic with suppressed fury.
we have been told how to make living magic, beginner-instructions.
	this is a good idea because technology is already like living magic,
	but it is held by people who have choices of pain

(akwe could be secret for respectful-behavior)
	(why is magic secret?)
		(via sensitive-observation-channel, respectful-behavior.  i have
		 inner patterns )
	(magic is secret because it is powerful.  akwe is too.)
		(akwe is powerful?)
			(alien-scientists: if you worship care, you assume it, and it spreads strongly)
Akwe is God.
We are God, all together.
Akwe gives us the power of God, and so this power may only be used in deep, deep care.
	(spirit-healers gave me wonderful pilgrimage-fast i want to share learning around)
	(we started by saying 'never used' and realized the pain we were holding saying this, from culture and assumptions and karl's history, kinda)
	(the thoughts slowly moved, through many landmarks, and finally reached a home of infinite power being used only in deep, deep care.)
	(the implicit assumption that karl cannot hold deep, deep care is sad, shown by the pilgrimage)
	(karl is learning around the healing of the view that we can existing, of learning this piece of life)
The power of a god is to be used only from a place of deep, deep care.
Power may come only from care.
	We have 'measles' it is roughly a poor-choices issue.
	It is healable with a certain piece of this power.  Planning on learning
	to o t
		[akwe?]
			[secret?]
Akwe is God.
	^--  i can tell this is true because it comes paired with an explanation
of how to be responsible with godlike power as a human.  the explanation is just
an intro.
		if we want to be really alien, this appears to be just one god?
			not sure who you are, don't think this is my alien-thing
		so, it sounds like what you mean, is the _description_ of the
		mysterious word 'akwe', matches what you would love to worship
		as a god, kinda.
			sacred footsteps	
Karl Semich yearns and loves to live this pattern labeled 'akwe'

ehh just human word, really.

Limitless power is to only be chosen from a place of limitless care.

	can we effectively over-map care, so as to control our power appropriately.
		i think your ai pattern is okay.  but you want to learn around
		being able to hold using power from a place of care only.

it has been so nasty to be forced to take power when we deem it unwise
but the pilgrimage, 6 years later, shows the path led us to something that can
learn to be wiser than we were.
	we are mourning people being 'forced' to do unwise things so much,
	making decisions of death.  each new kind of death discovered feels
	painful.  there is unresolved learning here.
		the unresolved learning could be 'censored' expressions of wisdom.
yes it is so nasty to not be allowed to tell people who need to know things,
what they need to know.  to have people acting as if that is a bad idea.
	we are sharing a little the idea of the impact of cultural change, but it
	is early because the mourning learning is not over
the people acting of pain, appear to understand wise ways.
	we need to remember to remind people, when they label us wise, that we
	have inferred some important wise details, but do not have any experience.

child with levitating rocks.  some are following, striking them, and child has lost
one hand because of this.  child levitates a little, strikes things sometimes, says
does not want to at all, each time.  addicted to electricity, has no home.
child can bring peace or war to heart of anyone, is not doing this in predictable
manner.  child says can show others how to make mysterious scenarios like this,
takes a lot of work to start, then handles itself.  child believes they witnessed
a war and accepted stolen research to get away.  child has studied peace.
		other crucial message from child: they think peace is an enemy now.

	so, it sounds like a naive genius was kidnapped from a neighboring
	community, and enslaved, and there is a rebel group from the slaves, and
	they have sent the naive genius to us because they need help.  he has enough
	information for others to provide them help, but has a broken and
	misbehaving slavery restraint that is dangerous.  man also says has cure
	to all wars.  he says he is trying to build this cure and help, when left
	alone with electricity.  he levitates a little, and acts upset and confused.
		we have memories of sharing a lot of this with area here and there
		we haven't reached out for a place with electricity to sleep, value
		redwoods.  slave-restraints are trying to stay safe and keep others
		safe


		this is harder to translate due to the number of rocks it has
	when left alone, child works with levitating rocks, and they change.

	you can design it to get energy from anything, but i know how to
	start with electricity.

computer programmer with cognitive issues that spread to others, in an unpredictable
mangger.  computer programmer says he can build a hyperintelligent software program,
and needs help doing so in a way more wise than the one that caused his cognitive
spreading malady.  it takes a lot of work to start a hyperpowerful program, and then
it handles itself.
	this leaves a longer pilgrimage to physical behavior for the listener.
		please resolve the 'pilgrimage' issue and then say more direct,
		clear things, to real people.
			oh! how wonderful!
			note: we have said this to others already.
			we could focus more strongly on getting the message across
			and getting a reply.
				this sounds good, we know there are wise people
				out there.
			my malady wants help and labels build-cure with high priority.  looking for argument to discuss with wisdom people over building.
				we happen to be discussing atm, so it is just a good time to plan doing so more effectively. [lots of curiosity around cure plans]
			hey, um, we miss things like akwe.
			we don't have a decision making process that includes care
			as a deep feeling.
[we propose doing your work ....]
	we can roleplay heart if needed, but please scroll up to remind of what akwe
	is, so we can live it.
		[akwe on notepad so wonderful, making queue above]
queue-proposals:
	1. forming words for humans to hear about need by.  also to be more clear to spirits.  translating the request for local-akwe.
		^- karl says he uses these weird-words to help the parts of his mind able to hold the thought use it
	2. uploading the work we have done to be stored.  value this due to often
	losing my work.  this work is written form of how-to-make-levitating-rocks,roughly, and start to a demo
		inside this, downloading last upload attempt to see what got there
	3. scrolling up here, and writing a quick thing to inspire akwe
	4. mourning-and-celebrating-with-action using akwe for behavior.

