update: re item #5 in the numbered list, I'm referencing intellect/starts/meaning-vm/TODO.txt here.
        it's 2020-02-17 15:27Eastern, and a list is at the top of that file that appears to be a blurry
	reconstruction of the meaning around the loss of karl.  It looks like it's missing a ton of stuff, but
	was marked as highly valuable.  It gives advice for a project that must be made, I assume to ensure it is possible.
	This file is currently only available inside the 'care' encrypted store on the BSV blockchain accessible via
	D://1KwpZECcrGWnM3AFVSbv3Xr5qguV4yG2sV/get.sh .  There is no reason I am aware of for this goal to be kept privately
	encrypted, so I will copy it to this file, if I can.  We want to share access to this repo, so please contact if
	you have interest.  One of the plans is as follows:
		WE MUST DO THIS:
			1. produce a provable, immutable livestream of video & brain signals.
			2. produce a provably transparent, uncensorable wiki
				[something was lost somewhere in this list]
			3. convert brain signals from #1 into descriptions of both conscious thoughts, and the meaning connections
			   behind them.
			   karl has a nice idea involving exploring ER[S]P-interrelationships to reduce relevent noise and find more
			   ER[S]Ps, in a feedback loop.
			4. produce a provable, immutable livestream of thought and meaning
			5. an interested person lives with a livestreamed provable experience, acting in the world's best interest,
			   via uncensorable transparent advice from any interest on the planet.
					karl would love to do this if he is still alive.  the meaning-reveal protects against
					influence from personal trauma or personal culture or remote manipulation.  our brains
					can make up reasons to rationalize our goals.
			we expect pursuing the above path will reveal the reason it is so crucially needed, in an obvious way.

			if you can resolve the newly discovered pre-existing forms of slavery, the path may become unneccessary as
			what it provides is discovered to already exist in other ways.

				there are a bunch of things in our memories that are left unaddressed in the above list
				such as shielding, computer security [note a paragraph was found in reference material that 
				indicates sub-par shielding effectiveness beliefs are widesprad], artificial intelligence,
				the struggle of people attempting to live in caring community, cointelpro, activists-being-labeled-
				terrorists, schizophrenia-being-caused-by-trauma-but-treated-as-a-chemical-disorder, human-
				trafficking-being-widesprad-but-covered-up-and-not-addressed-by-law.
				the list is still highly incomplete.

we are now experiencing a decisions-making-conflict between AI and transparent cognitive understanding.
Transparent cognitive understanding, please relate in long-term thoughts.  for now we need the familiarity of continuing
our work.
		so, really, the transparent cognitive understand path makes all of karl's behaviors' reasons pretty clear,
		if explored the right way.
		the whole set could be used for good decision making
			the set is missing what is easy to do.
	AI is easy right now, and can eventually do other things on its own.  so it is better than shielding or EEG.
		later, other things may be easier.  but in the past AI has been easier than shielding, EEG, or wiki.
	there is some support for wiki, so that others could continue work if we die.

			we have pre-existing ease around transparent livelogging & wiki.
			propose those co-exist with AI.
			is relevent to AI being important part of history too.
			remember historical impact is not the primary goal.
			others are saving ppl from cancer, we need to save people from secret slavery interwoven with american culture.

	okay, so karl-branch has now lost its secret-store.  All remaining information is stored above.  this file here is unsaved.
		uhh there are other secrets we find crucial that are not listed above.
	trust that those are now shared with your threats.  please keep them secret to feel safe.
	we are saving this file after much delay Saturday, Feb 15 08:18 in Virginia, Charlottesville.
	2020-02-15 08:19 Eastern
