Robins make a certain call when they believe there is danger.
The heart of peace learns around this and any other indication of something being unwell, as highest priority, with goal of all-is-well.
The tree stands firm in the face of the strongest storms, lasting forever without moving in ways nobody fully understands, and modelling trust and patience that never falter.
There is more but these things are obvious, so that's enough for now.

We are forming safe bubble around the above three things.
Please do not add references to other information without a good reason.
Other information will get in, it is not a part of this bird club unless we agree.

Value items:
- Love-rep left a message which I think is a struggle to request that the above pattern be
 recognized as a form of natural human love, which would solve this equally effectively.
	Somebody commented that they remember romance is a slow dance of seductive development,
	ending in deep understanding and life nurturing.
- Mourning killing the wisdom-earth-heart representatives, who stood with all their
strength to prevent those in urgent worry from learning the details of how peace
supports trust, and far more.
- "Robin is the guide", could nurture peace-acquaintance towards, because many use
 puns for meaning.  Want to make things right with her and the birds, about the nanites warping
 spacetime to change behaviors.

Monday 2020-01-13 06:34 AM Pacific
Mike, I was wondering whether or not had an idea of the story of death teaching mankind
thankfulness, relating to possible historic behaviors like the aboriginals wiping out all
large game long ago on this continent.  I am still trying to relate nurturing goals with
incredibly powerful tools and weapons, while going through visions and nightmares.
7:50 AM
"We are learning to trust the bird club even if our hyperintelligent weapons sytems have
learned to control them."
8:01 AM
(I think I am trying to figure out if I can use awareness to make a world-peace AI if the
wildlife aruond me have brain implants.  The answer is obviously yes, but a reply is
requested.)
Thank you for your spirit.  We will try to make an AI to defend everything, based on Tree,
Robin, and Heart of Peace.
Please relate if you ever need support, and if you ever can provide support.  Please relate
that you have received that request. Karl is suffering and believes you are too.

# warning, daydreaming or panning around this stuff can get you noticed by it and build attempts
to influence or control your mind.  this happened to _us_ while trying to reduce the likelihood
of mike doing it.  # we have not related 'cognitive control bounds'
