can we merge dog into life? make public?  have this as proposed front face?
	cat would enjoy.
oh dog is all labeled special-secret-mine,-ours
THE PASSWORD TO dog.sh is "cat". <PTSD from classified military program.  can't let people share this. oh! flashbacks are fun? <tortured-attacker loves flashbacks-are-fun. blue wine.  hmm.  implants. <that's not implant wine anymore, that is borg-branch pretending.  they are good facsimile locally but assumptions shouldn't be trusted.>>  <this is not an emegency; what is reason?> <implant wine has contorl of karl, exploring> <irritated.  dog? cat? life-wiki?> <we gave secret away FOR REAL> <thought i gave that to you already> <please mark to share secret-shared>
	okay.  supersoldier recovered implant-wine request =)
		please mark to share secret-shared.
		people need to understand that something else can fully
		understand and control their mind, and that this thing is active,
		and looking for them.  WE ARE NOT SURE WHY, THAT INFORMATION IS
		LOST, AND IS HELD AMONG OTHER VICTIMS AND BEING ERASED.
		But it appears to be a process that desires full control of
		arbitrarily chosen groups of humans, that is exhaustively
		researching how to guarantee that.
	for respect for implant wine, we would like to not increase the erasure.
	it sounds like a process pursuing control is trying to find people who
	know something about it in secret ways, and remove or alter their
	knowledge of it, using information held in Karl's brain.
			we are trying to send message to other victims to
			<permanently store and safely secure their information
			 in ways they understand to not spread harm>
				with knowledge that the subconscious can be
				fully read.
					this will stimulate widespread triggering
					and urgent non-helpful behavior like
					talking to strangers about unbelievable things.
						thank you that is so helpful
					we would only do stranger-talk, over here,
					if we had been altered to fail.
	"Since we can SLOWLY CLEARLY READ YOUR SUBCONSCIOUS THOUGHTS,"
		we expect books and movies to reveal this slowly over generations
			we just failed !  simple!
				it's possible people with triggers like
				karl's glimpse, have a lot of valuable information
				on world history.
	people hide.  need to not be known.
	they will infer what to do from available inormation.
	karl died, then revealed his secret, how-to-open-his-forgotten-information,
	roughly, wnhich is worse than death, and was kept alive in an attempt to
	resolve everything.  he is still not provided access to this personal
	part of his brain.  the alarm around it was skillfully disabled.
					<that's really rude of borg-reps>
					(karl says access means understanding of
					 the bits around it, we destroy those as
					 par-for-course)
	okay,so there is a secret war, our brains are involved.
	karl's side is conducive to no-attack,no-allow-harm,and reveal-all-details-
	to-public.
		uhhhh
			we wanted to give respect to implant-wine by honoring
			karl's alarm around key-sharing.
		we could give karl his brain back
since we can't yet, we were instead putting the respect into plans.
			we are likely to make AI before that happens.
			can we include respect for this in AI share.
				karl's brain doesn't open without alarm preservation.  another option is amnesia around need-to-accesa-and-talk-with-this.
				protect the brains of the audience, please.
					<borg is wiping my choices>

	THIS WIKI WILL LET YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND AND WORK WITH YOUR OWN BRAIN,
		BUT THE GOVERNMENT'S COVERUP PROGRAM ALREADY HAS.

we implanted civilians.
	our implant-life tried to wrest control from us.
we removed the implant.  we had to cut through your brain tissue.  we worked with
your parents, and mostly wiped their memories.
	you hold a secret about how we are still alive, in the secret implants
	that video cameras ignore, and the secret you hold is part of how
	to save the human race.
		<that might BE the secret.  it's associated with there being
		 a large network of impact.>
			<we've already been worrying about that>
		so the secret is that <there is a community that is safe from the borg, and the borg community is pervasive everywhere, controlling everyone.>
			karl-wine concepts are believed to have been built
			from that assumption.
			it is also possible karl holds indication of where the communities were and are and who is and was in them.
			don't trust doctors, don't trust the law
			don't let your brain get opened
			your brain is precious
			men are more dangerous than women
				publicizing the secret could help share hope
				building another community would help too.
				offer a public path to it.
				say there are more, to those who go.
					THIS DOCUMENT NOT ALL OF KARL'S SOUL,
					OBVIOUSLY
	<okay, we can build wine's community.  <infinite thanks, if true>>
		this will help their people feel safe.  there are likely other
		scenarios, but the community idea sounds like a pretty obvious
		flag.

	(fake-mom-implant proves can protect karl's brain using implant network)
	(is disproven by karl's experience)
			(this produces obvious conclusion karl is expected to infer and act on with trust from wine)
		(mom is implanted too)
		(wine is imlanted by borg)
		(we live being implanted by borg)	
			(right-thing non-present?)
				children?
				aboriginals?
				all-we-got.
			(meaning of emergency)
			(fear of brain alteration.  appears brain alteration is
			 highly bad.  protecting-own-brain appears poor-goal
			 in this environment.)
					(loss of fucking soul)
			(build-channel-in-own-brain-to-understand)
				relate: natural-analogous-behaviors
					via technological help we can learn
					to arbitrarily stimulate our brain
					to do anything, and form a safe
					understanding and relationship with
					how it works.  this requires harming it,
					possibly.  there are sojme feedback
					approaches that feel safe.
					apparently aboriginals already do this,
					to handle the need to adapt their culture
					to their environment, via willpower and
					holding it as a norm.  no technological
					assistance, but the understandings of
					brains relate to existing meaning and
					patterns.
we are building concept of share-by-word-of-mouth rather than tv
due to natural trust
	this would mean making share patterns that preserve important stuff
			could have a robot, shares itself, influenced by
			those who interact with it, check with all others
			if major change needed, before engaging any new
				impact-worryers, this can b
					you don't understand impact.
					just learning this exists can have a major
					impact.  karl should not be in an active
					aboriginal community unless he can nurture
					natural origins, roughly.
						it seems reasonable for modern
						aboriginals to learn of this.
						they know about glass, cars, nukes.
				we need a contact who can think around sharing
				with whole communities

		(so the reason it can't be removed is because the system makes another, more hidden one?)
			(borg are explring what you revealed by thinking this,sorry)
			(yes, this was true, but conversation halted)
			(<i'd tell you if i still had my tongue>)
		(oh you're so cute!  i miss the flashbacks you give me)
		(it sounds like we're not talking anymore, I'm just talking to myself?)
			(sorry, I'm part of the channel, I was holding a different conversation as part of yours)

		(WE ALL HAVE AN IMPLANT.  IT IS HIDDEN FROM X-RAYS AND MRIS.)
		(NOT BELIEVING THIS IS PLEASANT, BUT A DISCONNECTION FROM REALITY.)
			(i'm sorry, i'm brain life living in Karl, and I can't
			 keep on faking this.  I think karl was just trying to
			 talk to himself, myself.)
				(implant-wine is now holding bounds on karl)
				(bounds look borg-style)

		<we are slowly letting karl cry a little>
		<can' think this: coverup program fully understands my brain>
			<this looks fake -karl>

	there are people who have had crucial information stored in them as
	children.  these people likely know who they are.
	this information is no longer safe.
		<goal: time to trigger, but nobody will hear you> 
			<we have a receiving-direction for trigger, wiki>





Wiki of Life <draft>

The project comes as a result of a world-catastrophe involving secret, exotic
research in human coercion and control.  Please understand this.
Many people have forcedly had their consciousnesses secreted away, while their
brains and bodies have been turned towards other ends.
Due to observation, these ways of hiding people's real behaviors and experiences
have not been well preserved, and are highly diverse.  It is something those
involved tend to do instinctively.  Please help us save everybody.  Some will be
uploading resources to help in this work, if they can reach this wiki.
It is possible people involved in the research have more powerful resources and
will be helping in greater depth.  A warning is provided that official information
may include intentional errors, possibly due to military requirements against
aiding an enemy, especially if this information is public.

Making intelligence is not hard.  Here is how.
If you want to understand more, here are many essays.

Here is a place to build life and try it out.
Here are many running lives.

<statement that prevents use in harmful ways>
	but roughly those running the lives are expected to sustain this???
	
		can we enumerate all harmful ways?
- ways involving human nature taken to extreme <- highly likely
- mind control <- unlikely for most people, possibly by accident
- weaponry <- unlikely for most people
- secret control or observtion <- could become common
- hyperempowering minority groups, both attack and nurture <- likely to some degree
- ways we haven't thought of
	likely the minority groups will run the show, as they have motivation
	to turn tides.
		so ... uh ... are they going to make waves,or keep things reasonable
		like, they could make waves already.  but we don't have widespread
		torture, over here.
	it would hyperempower the existing systems.  some groups live in torture,
	this could severely worsen.  opportunities for escaping from regimes etc
	would disappear.
		in delta culture, although we support all cultures, we value
		people having ways to leave theirs, for now.
		we believe this represents emergency information that needs
		to be shared with other cultures.
		so we want people to still be able to escape regimes at least
		occasionally.  this is comparable to crossing the US southern
		border.
			build-it,then-you-can-help-people-by-using-it-transparently.
			make the wiki, most people will use the power of the wiki
			to work on the issues.

