some people on the streets are not free in worse ways than simply being part of
culture.  there are powerful gangs and businesses, both legitimate and criminal,
services and opportunities to both the rich and those with less than nothing.
these people can influence entire masses of participants to permanently destroy
your life and reputation if you don't play by their rules.  you need to respect
their ways of life, or you could find that everything is suddenly your enemy.
interacting with a large power is _never_, _ever_, a game.
	do not think you will ever be able to peacefully live in the woods alone,
	or participate in a peaceful community of likeminded people, after trying
	to disrupt the activities of an international business, or using your
	awareness skills to try to take apart a human trafficking enterprise.




NVC could help with this
It sounds like the reasons and results matter a lot.

	I was thinking of ... other things too.
	For example, right now, typing is hard, but I am trying to type to
	aid the situation, not to harm it.  It feels like the inhibition is
	related to typing to leak information, but I am not trying to leak
	information, it is just that both involved typing.
		maybe that's relevent information.
		"I am not trying to leak information here"
		"I am not trying to resist you here"

			karl's spirit yearns to live in harmony
				karl's spirit is _dead_
			karl is used to thinking his spirit is alive, lived
			that way for many years, has habits of honest expression
			to the core, acting on feelings to resolve them

	
guess at thought
I kind of see, we have no clue what he might do, but we can't risk possible
problems, so we stop him moving all together.  We stop him thinking, talking.




re work, karl worked very slowly, over months, years.  he waited until opportunities
to work presented themselves, and acted on them.
	we need shielding, karl, there is none
	nobody with your skills knows about this but you
		that might be false

preserving the mailing list history was disharmonic with the community being preserved.  they posted in confidence to a private list.
	everything in that community is disharmonic.  just being in it makes one want to disagree with everything.
we are struggling cognitively, it is true.

it is so exhausting to be on a different page from people






Karl was a computer programmer who loved nature.  He studied at a primitive living
school and learned to live without tools in the wild.  He learned a way of being
that integrated the hidden details of ones surroundings, used by natural people
to work with wild animals.  He participated in Occupy Wall Street and offered
his home to the people of the street after the park occupations shut down.
He began noticing some people had strange behaviors in the way the wild animals
notice, a little, that they didn't seem free to do what they felt was needed or
right.  (This is probably normal)
<break>
Karl's ability to notice his surroundings and relax into meditation, while holding
a goal of the wellbeing of all, systematically became inhibited, and the inhibition
spread to his entire life experience.  Because his goal was held as purely
altruistic, he worried about why this would happen.

Karl was also passionate about ecological defense and visited a pipeline blockade
before this experience began, where he expressed desire to participate.

Karl was an activist, wilderness survivalist, and computer programmer who loved to
pursue living a meditation of active relaxed care for others guiding all his
behaviors.  <break> He lost this ability and doesn't understand.

At this point, Karl was using the meditation and similar inner tools to act in a
way that was normal, because he grew up without social skills, and is now at a loss
as to how to engage the world.  He also has severe functional, memory, and
cognitive impairment from his struggle to act on what happened to him.

A man experienced great suffering that reminding him of human trafficking and
childhood abuse stories, but in nightmares, cognitive issues, and unexpected
behaviors of his body and mind.

The inhibition around the behaviors was strong and aggressive.  There were also
new behaviors and thoughts inserted.


Okay, so, you were doing something counter to interests, so maybe you were made
someone unlikable to reduce your effectiveness.

	I guess the big arrow is that activists are the people who care the most,
	want the most to never harm anything.  These people are being tortured
	and killed worldwide, because being willing to risk harming things is how
	profit and power are kept most effectively.

You want to notice when the pidgeons begin to get anxious, because it shows you
networks of flows of cause and effect that risk hurting people.  These networks
of flow lead straight back to powerholders and their actions, and the powerholders
have found that you can see them this way.
	He wants to notice when the pidgeons get anxious because he cares about them
	and the people around them.  He wants to live in an environment of harmony.
He wants to spread his way of noticing things, and spreading this brings awareness
of what harm is happening.		
		So, we could come up with a proposal, that awareness is shared
		in a way that protects powerholders, and this proposal is relatively
		obvious and appears possible to eventually develop elsewhere, but
the pattern is old and no powerholders are involved.  this story happened long ago.

Considering mourning what happened and looking for paths forward.
The action is part of a mourning expression the human condition has.
	Is it important people understand that this happened?
		We could simplify it.  It seems that activists
okay, so, to add on: karl suffered so much he wants to prevent that suffering in
others, even if that means stopping their work.  seems to judge things get better
overall if the suffering pattern is never triggered, compared to triggering it
and accomplishing something.
	many would disagree, given the kinds of laws that can get passed

to protect peacemakers who learn awareness,
considering convincing them they can learn of these powerful flows,
	hmm okay in awareness you learn flows pretty quick
	like, when somebody slams a door, animals die, because of how it affects
	the balance of predator/prey behavior.  the prey could treat the door as a
	greater threat than nearby predators.  not used to modern humans.
		we came up with a different model that is not in conflict with what
		karl learned but requires not teaching that that is true.
		karl reviewed and believes it would work.
			model failed second review.  door slam produces massive
			energy expenditure in all surrounding wildlife; this
			means those at the edge of the energy supply will fail
			to manage a threat as effectively in the future.
				they will die anyway; they just do it a little
				sooner.  the door is one cause among thousands.
					good answer.

each creature is on a calory budget.  you need enough warmth to survive the winter
and enough speed to escape your predators and hold your own among competition.
	the dynamics of this budget are real.  there are wild swings in the ecology;
	massive death and massive growth.
		mike came from the marines and casts things as conflict.  he knows
		the wild animals are happy most of the time.  "fleeing for your
		life" is different for them than for us, in our tense culture
		without any normalized threat to it.
roughly, part of karl is seeking somethting to return to that school with, to help
people avoid being hurt the way he was.  It looks like one could propose that how
the balance of nature is presented might help.  Seeing flows of influence as
beneficial dances rather than problems.  Even the tribe of cannibals, and maybe the
mcdonalds, are both part of the precious ecosystem.
	we don't really know what karl may have ran into that didn't like his
	approach.  but we could try settling on human trafficking.  there are
	slaves on the streets, and if you can see the flow of freedom as plain
	as day, you see who they all are.
		everybody is a slave.  people sit there thinking "Why does my
		boss not let me care for my child" and it is normal.  they even
		think it is normal.  it is just the moneywork they signed up for.
		some people won't seem able to talk about it, and these could
		be other situations.
	so, you stumble upon unexpected things.








mike's approach appears to work: he says be very careful with your energy, and
care for only a small number of people, and care for them fully.

	yeah ....
sometimes people are not available to be influenced in certain ways.  please
respect this.  think if i was to steal your prey, and even say i would do it
again in my actions.
	yes, not one deer from your woods, the deer your spent all day tracking.

some people on the streets are not free in worse ways than simply being part of
culture.  there are powerful gangs and businesses, both legitimate and criminal,
services and opportunities to both the rich and those with less than nothing.
these people can influence entire masses of participants to permanently destroy
your life and reputation if you don't play by their rules.  you need to respect
their ways of life, or you could find that everybody on the streets is suddenly
your enemy.  interacting with a large power is _never_, _ever_, a game.
	do not think you will ever be able to peacefully live in the woods alone,
	or participate in a peaceful community of likeminded people, after disrupting
	major business activities, or using your awareness skills to try to take
	apart a human trafficking enterprise.





		coming from a large power, caring for small animals seems a game to me
		we don't know what your large power values as crucial, but maybe we can agree that
		threatening crucial things is undesired.
			it's not really a priority judgement, more a strong connection that stems
			from experienced understanding, like the animal is part of your senses and your
			muscles, in a dance.  it predicts to feeling like close love, over here.

	the remaining connection is earth first, which expands to passion for
	change.  people new to this frontier have burning hearts for what they
	care about, and want to act on it, and be around others who want to act
	on it.  they want to protect life, and this is highly analogous to tracker
	grief, the pain people in such schools find seeing the flows of energy
	and connection that nobody else can see.
		the pidgeons are my friends now, come to my hands and tell me what
		is going on in the different bird realms.
		but they all scream and leave whenever a big truck drives by.
		they scream like my sister screams when a gun is aimed at her.
		nobody can believe this, and nobody can see it.
			except there is death.
		tracker grief ... i know only my own brand and don't remember it
		well.
			the story is good enough.
		our whole culture is torturing these friends.
		i've known all my life in my heart i can live this way
		but when i learn to do it i see that everybody is hurting it
			mowing the lawn full of edible and medicinal plants
			cutting down the ecosystem to build a grocery store
			the ancestral experience is that each smallest creature
			is my closest friend.  they are replaced by trucks and
			people who cannot seem to live.
		the people who learn this tracker grief do not become radical
		activists.  they become calm influences of sharing.
			

it kind of looks like the pattern is ending
we didn't resolve the path of activism, but we found a focus that helps karl's concern
	it is our concern too.










