WE WANT KARL TO BE ABLE TO WORK.  He experiences bad-stuff when trying.

This has been ongoing.

Karl has highly advanced computer skills and wants to work for pay but has no degree.  Work is available.
	sometiems the worries shift between 'we are law enforcement and must stop criminal' and 'we are criminal and don't like law enforcement' related degree-validation vs NSA-code

hey it sounds like mind control uses the ability to get a degree as a way to vet people in the mind control system
karl is unvetted, it seems, maybe
so getting a degree lets him go through the mind control system training process.  we could get an online degree, maybe. [don't expect ease here, karl thinks]


Robin is leaving, Karl is not properly responding to it.


His work is inhibited.  His skills were validated by a discerning triplebyte quiz and they request an interview to hire.
	I would like to be free to earn money with my skills by contributing to our economy with work. 
Karl believes money would be not hard to have if he were free to work for it.  He has advanced computer skills.

Hospital,
	hmm.  when karl works he experiences continued push-away-ness, like how we got here from watching a video.
	he imagines a voice sitting with him and keeping him working, in one idea, believes they could learn to keep working.
	this is reasonable, the proposal.
	karl is proposing that he find work he could do while in the hospital.  time is highly limited.
let's try this work
we tried this but it came back saying 'karl could be terrorist, don't let him work' roughly, say not vetted by degree system
	karl is not terrorist, is just fear
	they don't want to let terrorist sneak vulnerabilities into code
	karl says it's not really about terrorism; you can check by trying to let him do work for the NSA, which is available

karl wants to celebrate doing some work for the CDC.  was fun and a great accomplishment.  no pay though.
	karl is thinking 'it is nice to be able to work.  maybe this could be a happy medium, where I get to do work but don't make money'
file is saved only on cloud server.  could move it to one of karl's repos.


problem: indecision: get up or find work?
	find work.
goal: find work.
	GRRRR! Forcing to find work.  Have 5 minutes to practice this.
	stop at 6:24
i use 2 websites to find work ... one is gitcoin
	karl prefers to work on gitcoin, but it is blockchain work




we brought karl back with astonishment that you can get lots of work without a degree.
	the NSA has a program open to anyone; a coding challenge where you hunt terrorists by doing whitehat hacking.
this was discussed already.  since when is working without a degree a concern?
	the concern is that somebody without a degree might not be the 'kind of person' the economy wants working.  hasn't passed the checks of getting a degree.
		this is how many fields work, especially relatively new ones like software engineering.  people get their skills on the job or from their lives.
With software development bounties,
	they are worried you will place evil secret code inside of the work you do.
		<disgruntled: the bugs everybody makes are worse than that>
this is the kind of stuff we run into.


We are working on 1. store: should karl be able to work 2. process/act/think/feel: robin is leaving


so, to make some ease, let's be okay with failure here.
we don't need to close up this doc, and we don't need to address Robin.  but I'd like to do both, if it's easy for anyone.  I'd like to close up the doc more, over here.

	is sad.  we missed last month's event and now she is leaving.
