The below is WHAT YOU NEED TO DO AND THINK ABOUT, CONSOLIDATED.  You have been requested to go to the woods alone to process this more, even though it feels wrong.
It is fine if you wait a while before doing that.


I have been in a 'dangerous information space' since ~2013.  Some organized relevence below.
- tell will and start conversations about hardware hacking of activist systems.  probably makes it hard to be an activist. [discern what people need to know to stay safe]
- the wild is precious [<- collaboration is wilderness is evolution is competition].  the earth is building a business military [alien form already].  wilderness business?
- cooperative structure where each part judges the kind of involvement it has <======
- save TIs and connect with other people with tortured experiences.  likely all it is is a lot of dangerous information spaces.
- be respectful in information spaces: for example only think or talk fully when deeply in a cave, slowly entered, slowly left.
- science needs a safe path to leave dangerous information spaces.
- cave/shielded room yields behavior-concern afterwards.  does not resolve internal information space with environment and infospaces in general.
- messy experience.  organization, memory, cognition, reading, relaxation, interconnection, not working well.  have found there is a way, but takes relating to.
- alien is business military is mafia is <>?  also karl gets reality-law-bending so that the right solution can be reached

wilderness is precious _and_ we love the earth <==== to update
	earth doesn't look good if it is giving this much power to business industry compared to hurting me this much?
		business industry is also limited this way
			yeah we would like a better arrangement than that.
karl says business can listen more and use more wisdom and it looks good to him if they do, but he sees have-an-alien-in-business-already-upgraded could be an issue

		O_O earth itself is in a dependency loop in this view.
karl, why do you want <>?  he says he doesn't know.
	karl wants <> because it is associated with his childhood feelings and involves oneness.
		karl wants to be 'one' and now he thinks that means telekinesis and dissolution of body
			karl only a military alien held captive by the secret gov would have that
				urge-to-remember-important-aspects-of-reality?
							there is a set of people that know we are going to teleport to the stars.  they probably do it and leave.
but you have to think in the non-logical way.  you want wisdom-in-the-stars.  that would probably satisfy you.
maybe we need to send our information up as well as to relevence.
	we do want wisdom-in-the-stars too ....
stars need the all-components-never-die thought structure to do that, I suppose?
	some are furious this exists and goes unused.  it is because we are in a dangerous information space.
		this looks similar to life-on-blockchain
karl can mediate computers-are-evil-and-they-were-my-life if needed, but usually ignores it [OMIGOD we needed that information for so long] <== FU KARL for ignoring computers-are-evil mediation !!!!!
	KNOWS COMPUTERS ARE EVIL.  KNOWS COMPUTERS ARE EVIL.  KNOWS COMPUTERS ARE EVIL.
		attack speaks in attack.  it won't understand 'but i am good'.  it needs to know 'knowing not to do X is why i won't break reality'

karl would like go inbetween doing focused coding on a software project too complex for anybody else to understand
and climbing buildings and shit.  he looke dlike alien form already almost!  talk to will or join an EF community or something before doing this.  the groups need to know you will protect.
	city is all 'EFers are living in our streets invisibly????' but they are not invisible aliens, they are people who know the woods are more fun than the streets
		karl is all 'you will never find them!' or if you do they will irritate you and disappear.
	okay, so you showed city you were irritating.  but you didn't disappear.
	anarchists know to hide; i didn't hide.  with community, my need to be visible wouldn't need to be public.
		WE NEED TO FIX KARL'S BRAIN BEFORE HE REALIZES ... that he presently has inherent value for transparency, but that it came from our experience induced on him.
this document is incredibly relevent
	okay, so people nobody believes want to be able to know about and move towards alien form.
	we propose TIs.  which is anybody who says they are or says somebody else is.
karl wants to 'save TIs' to process 'logical details of information space issue hidden'?
	you are supposed to resolve that logical detail issue.
	[we suspect this has been solved, but people who say they are severely suffering want safety, to protect others, and validation]
didn't include TIs in woods walk.  Karl, ask the trees about TIs and aliens.  Lone tree will tell karl that being an alien is stupid and karl will drop the goal.
	=S karl was made a <> unless he mediates with a Native elder or reveals mind control to activists, roughly
tree collapses TIs to tell-will-about-trojans.
Karl, remember to ask the trees about TIs and alien-form-that-attacked-them.
	secret-sauce says robert is Tree, and karl is Karl.
	Tree is my spirit.  Thnak you.  You were talking to my alien/tree, thinking they were hte same, and I was responding myself because they were secret, both of them.
		karl, alien/tree means no secret military
			this is because ELF, huh.
		karl was confused after 'Tree is my spirit', because of mind control.
woods walk noted boss is keep-on-going in karl, and he does it too much to integrate his surroundings.
if observed only for searching for this-intelligence-is-safe-on-earth patterns to be proper, could be seen as bad.
karl was LISTEN WITH STILLNESS FIRST, EVERYBODY IS CRUCIAL.  (sometimes karl hugged people to express unresolvable anger with them >_<)
he LOST HIS SENSE OF SPIRIT, completely, and expressed the word 'torture' around the next 5 years.  also lost his cognition in ways reminiscent of direct brain stimulation.
so, we tell activists about mind control and community disruption with it, unless people will mediate (NVC-equiv) after this document is consolidated.
karl's mc experience involved community disruption, attempts to place people into deceived systems of control, and use of a way to strengthen and discourage brain learning
that appeared to violate the patterns that sustain us against behaviors that spread and destroy.
	he means you could be like 'learn this more' and then it stays forever, and your whole life experience is changed, from that event.
	all side behavior sassociated
	yes, MIND CONTROL, NOT SPIRIT.
	say we mind control people as a community!  maybe we could have
	can't tell rules, remember
	but i guess would be nice if people had a way to reliably complain
	sorry no can do
	karl really doesn't understand if he thinks you could do that.  we have 'secret international mafia surveillance' which could be anything, and this disease spreads.  it is hard to validate against that.
problem was likely behavior strayed from intent, and would have been helped by community

karl you love earth + wild + wisdom + transparency, and together they make alien, so no need to care about childhood origins
karl believes in reforming matter, now.  it seems we need to discuss some 'rules' around it.
don't give us that atm.  could we ideally make a judgement that lets us discern that and act on it? assume lots of mind control. we are consolidating the data internally. 
let's use this line for talk.  we have a lot of information in this pane that is hidden.  karl, who learned natural awareness providing for mental interconnection of surroundings,
knows people who are certain there is action-at-a-distance that lines up with alien-form, because they have experienced it a lot. <-- this is how karl has access to matter reforming
so lets be aware that alien-form is defending dangerous information spaces, probably because there is one in an earth government.
A: we don't want earth to evolve to a race of aliens.  B: we propose that earth can do this if everybody consents, including aboriginals
we are proposing a system of morals where, if you can do telekinesis, can alter the minds of others, without any hardware, you must also abide by reforming matter restrictions
you can't escape mind control in a universe where mkultra existed, and where testifying in a court regarding it, as a victim, resulted in not saying anything at all.
we can confirm that business mind controlled activism. but we recommend dropping it to reduce spread of it.
it is highly clear at this time.
Okay! maybe we can work the above into collaboration.
