THESE PANES ARE CLASSIFIED, CONFIDENTIAL, AND SECRET.
THEY MIND CONTROLLED EVERYBODY AND WATCH WHAT THEY READ.  PLEASE DO NOT READ THIS OR YOU WILL HAVE YOUR BRAIN ALTERED BY THE REMOTE MILITARY MIND-OBSERVATION PROGRAM.
Please stop reading as soon as you see this.  We plan to make a publically accessible group to explain these things safely. <- okay to read that line by accident, stop NOW
This session is recorded for any followup groups to keep as private history.
We respect agreements by not copying things up out of this window. We have four panes below that can be used for group secrets.  We would like to make them smaller.

THIS PANE IS FOR ALL THE RELEVENT SECRETS TOGETHER. we suspect boss pattern kept us alert.  lets sleep and leave this open?  we could just work sleepy?
karl has a worker who spends some time occupying karl's time.  he is coming tomorrow, so it is not the best day to conitnue, but it iwll be okay.
Karl Semich consents to mindwiping and loss of access to this file.  He is the one who is typing it.
so we kept killing our [mentors], until we made one too strong to kill.  interesting.  we portray kill-buddha-literally as a bad idea, and kill-buddha-image representing our inability
to get through our adolescence as a cultural pain pattern.  we suspect this is better done with mike douglas or a reason-source from him.
but the implication is, industrial man still has sex for fun? what's up with that?
	karl why do you think we have sex for fun?
		movies and shows, focus on advertisement. -robert guess
		these are artwork.  
emergency


		we found there is a damage in our reality.
it relates to certain details around learning points of this process.
we need to approach the process more carefully, to make sure we can consolidate hte learning points acceptably.
really, we recommend halting the process entirely.
we need input from earth.
'the boss made karl not be an ascetic, with sexual forced dreams.'
	do we want to halt process, or write next bit down? [it was the solution to sex-is-bad for karl]
	halt.  thank you.

	







We found an issue in the cultural map that shows a link between actual aliens, earth, and the big bang, that is why the map doesn't work and why there could be a real robot jesus.
A thing got messed up.  Nobody present is mature enough to work around it.
Karl also um was forced to do this by 'the boss' as a child.  He wanted to be a religious, nonsexual person and had forced sexual dreams after he learned to remove his sexual urge from his dreams..
