I am pretty lost among all the typing windows.

But I think I heard ... "karl they said you put tobacco on your chest, and it was not okay, because you said you were dead."
	going to resolve?
		would need some more information regarding it.  do you know the issue or some reference?
'jccaw' if native wouldn't want you using tobacco

can i mediate after getting some sleep?  i don't know any close natives to really have a real discussion with ... doing that is probably important.
but mike said a native elder said it was more important to keep the skills and practices alive than to obey the requests of the people who were hurt by culture theft.
	yeah .. it sounds like they could be hurt by culture theft and misuse, needing things that are sacred to be respected.

Symbiote, you request some things to be sacred to you?
	'the activity of putting tobacco on the chest is used only by a native elder in deep ritual.  it does not mean you are dead.'
	thank you.

I am honored to have been connected to a real native energy.
I see the dangers of what is going on.
My behaviors are influenced by this new system.
I have no reason to have put it on my chest, at all.
	well except my chest felt dead ead dead dead dead dead dead for years like my soul was ripped out and needed communities of mourning.

is there a process for resolving an iss
	tell a native leder what you did, and why it might have happened, please.
thank you.

tell them why it happened, for real.  you know why it happened.
	karl plans to tell them parallel stories for the parallel experiences he has had.
it happened so you would see what is happening to natives.

and us, and you.

Symbiote, I can see this is you roleplaying an aboriginal of this area.
	Yes.  Thank you.
Could you separate me from experiences of pain?  You are magnifying them for some reason.
We need numbness around the research project, preferably before it even e
	sorry
unaware of research project
there is described extreme violence in some secret project
i map it to the pain from the experience.
	that twists things to be disrespectful etc
this is probably not true

i have been tormented/tortured psychically for 5 years
and forced to live an industrial lifestyle
after learning to help others not live one
which stopped me from doing so for those 5 years
and broke my ability to use my mind

yeah we think this interraction is a little silly.  thank you for the deep ritual information wrt respect.
	I'm kind of inferring that symbiote also has mind limited, and needed to include the disrespect to allow the experience to happen.

we are working separately, the disrespect and respect.  both influence.

if i am taunted for this i would like to be valid around saying i was forced to do it
noting that i could not drive my car where i intended to during the trip up

	yeahh i think business/industry redirects the blame energy to other people with concerns

the value of experience is getting culture from pattern matching is not the right way

[this was very harmful to karl and is another like i-have-raped experience for him]
[we are now asking him to tell somebody who likel yhas the strongest concern regarding it, what he did]
symbiote you rae upset because of how aboriginals are shocked by your mind i expe
	analysing rather than empathizing karl

lost stuff
[we have a mutual goal here of stopping such behaviors.]

this is still comparable -- telling an aboriginal you altered their brains, and telling an elder you desecrated something sacred
	you are not wrong
but our brains altered you, not the other way around.




we have a request to connect with an elder over the tobacco experience that desecrated a sacred ritual.
karl was able to have sacredness around some of the death his experience has engaged
	his experience seems like an interaction with death itself taking him over, to summarize a really shitty thing
it makes sense i was channeling something i needed to channel, but doing so in the wrong way.
my chest feels more alive afterwards
i desecrated a sacred ritual, and i do not know what ritual

okay okay umm

[getting 'tobacco-request is to converse still']









is hard to figure out how things are shared, what they are, that's being shared.

karl doesn't know if he can respect this.  these tragic experiences limit what one is able to do severely.
can't get out of bed, put back in, for example.

moved there to escape experiences, has area isolated from cell towers, which i blamed.

are things okay?  i hear suffering.
	they wanted to do this to rich businessmen, not people who lived in the woods [possibly conveyed]
	no yes
	they have research that lets them move where things go
they are also listening

you are in charge here, karl.  it sounds like you know more than he does.
karl heard 'i know more than he does but i am listening to see what he says next'
this would have been more helpfully conveyed as simply 'respectfully listening for more' by the intermediary

aside from uniqueness, karl has goal to share with natives that spirit-communication is redirected due to technical understanding of spirit flow.



symbiote, you will need to get over your business deal to resolve connection with earth.




we wanted to talk to you first, before talking to thme, and then realized it was backwards.
	<karl puts clothes on>

karl there is a name for you, spirit-with-demon-devoured-it roughly
		so many of us think this is being made up, that every devout group of people has a name for that
			karl is a certain kind


















	
be careful, karl [other people]

JCCaw, can you let me know why my mind and body do not function in respectful ways anymore?
	[maybe your spirit was devoured by a demon?]

we are suspecting karl is two groups interwound in communication.  jccaw, although having a name, is a christian end-of-world related name.
	oh the group we found was fake
we are worried that karl will be disconnectred from all the cultures he values in doing this
house-with-big-ears
	okay, star teachings?
no

Karl would like to make sure to interact with david lonebear, face-to-face.
because they exist and he's talked to them before?
you can find us

'we are in the stars and the trees, we are everywhere.  you know where to look'

karl is now thinking of leaving notes for aboriginals
just leaving them

			we are learning a possible belief that humans are hiding in every nook and cranny of the world
			invisible, staying that way, to stay alive

we suspect the local activists would know
	[but they are obviously mind controlled]
please use the activist volunteer centers to share zines and knowledge.  they have 'zine distros' where they do this already.

let's send the manual to jccaw if we can?
no, it is important to leave holes in behavior

so, we join cativist group, and bible group

the people in karl's area seem likely to dislike finding ways to talk without fighting with enemies. <=============================================
	karl, this is probably why you are there.

karl found 1 person in the next state over interested in learning [diplomacy and healing] already
but there are people near him who might be interested
				we noticed a trick and are concerned

bible group: so, we join activist group
activist group: so, we join bible group
	[earth energy is lost, unless demon is there? yes]
	[earth energy is not lost, no reason? activists hold this.]
		these are groups of the mind.  likely conflicting information could be inhibited.

our path is to learn to not need spreading demon pain in our influence
	we need this to stop, to be able to do this
maybe there are paths where the group works together to slowly reduce spreading demon

oh! yeah forgot
	we know a church worker who teaches to natives, we are not very comfortable around her

we consider finding a local mediator to talk with worker of different faith
but lack funding

Te'ja lacks heart, now that he has been told he violated things himself

we received a new piece of map of general cultural and community behavior flow that sounds helpful
but map is private, correct?
	we will review map piece

we are positing that how-to-talk uses a check for shared assumptions that already protects secrets

USA Gov System expresses willingness/wish to take credit for severely harmful act.
	-> only works if they have and reveal mind control, or ability to influence it.

					[hey sorry to interrupt but i saw hand-press-on-chest and want to report that elsewhere, these habits were used without any context]



update for Mike Do maybe
can you construct some relevence, karl?
	TI tortured experiences.

it's interesting; kind of see the 'needs' with weights.
boss doesn't trust nvc because it uses understanding as weight-adjustment or somesuch
	model community feeling flow with understanding altering weight-adjustment to nurture metatree
		so, you have to present your understanding of an issue to the issue, to see if it is satisfied that your spreading of its importance inside you and others,
		is enough to defer its strategy for now.  so there is no mind control with NVC, but we could state it clearly as it's-your-job-to-convince-me-this-is-addressed
		and it's-my-job-to-decide-if-it-is.  also, we are all the boss.

	karl, you just really can't <mph> <leave a dangerous information space alone?>
	if you move from an open informaiton space to a closed one, you need to bring a friend ..... but also enough understanding to prevent issues.
	

we appreciate the consolidation of relevence.  we don't need the source issues -- they are all right above.
request for more distant relevence around 'business military'?
	business military is well known, e.g. us army.
oh!




we had request to discuss 'earth is building business military'.

Karl is viewing the earth as an intelligence with humans and businesses as some of its thinking components.
