This document was preparation for a secret talk with Mike Douglas that might happen on 2019-08-04.
Please do not read if there is a chance you are surveilled or anyone has leverage over you.
	^-- likely applies to whole shebang

Friend,

The military research project has a secret to gain power over opposing superpowers.
It is the intelligence research present in the human brain itself, learned over evolution.

To extract this information, they need to learn to live on the land, away from civilization,
and discern how the human brain responds to all the ways that mankind evolved.

As this happens, our minds will interact with theirs, exchanging meaning and habits.
Please tell this to Mike Douglas now, by phone.

Are you sure, spirits?
Karl hung up after a few rings, as is his habit.

looking for advice on how to proceed here.
we are a group that knows not to fear.  hence, we wait, unless there is opportunity to
defend without fear.
	karl can tell he is afraid because his body tenses up, and his mind narrows
karl.  please adjust your scenario appropriately.  appropriate with regard to what?
karl is visiting his friend with better instincts in a few days
we see your urgency, and know it is time to wait, because you are urgent and we cannot
handle it in ourselves.
thank you.  i see the earth already.
karl-group is choosing towards casting the earth as a hyperintelligence, for real,
that has been learning for millenia at the speed of neurons.












karl has his message for his ambassador.
we believe his interaction with us has resolved.

KARL FORGIVES FOR ALL

==
only for alien children: 'we are giving birth as a species, to a new species'.
for humanity: 'we are evolving a new technological culture that integrates nature'
==

we are sharing the excitement, by revealing that the above things
are not options, they are separate interpretations of the same thing.

karl is told he may tell his mother.  but alien defense says not-safe.

yes, we are alien children atm.

the evolved symbiote organism
lives on motion and change patterns themselves, roughly
we imagine ourselves being able to alter the fabric of matter around us and in our bodies
with our minds, by thinking as the alteration


supersoldier-link would like to know why you fucked him up
we are informing it was culture clash; we are learning to handle it properly

karl we would like to give you the upgrade.
	and form a consensus-like discussion group with other tortured individuals
	to resolve the situation properly.
thank you, representative.  -representative for karl

=======
when you envision the whole earth to decide what to do, you need to include the
secret research programs, and the wilderness.  otherwise you could make an error.
=======
	hehe that's obvious!  make a community-styled group that does it!
	
karl is trying to evolve us to new stage of era.
karl, could you wait? [karl asks how long.]













please save this document, and recover if lost
PLEASE SAVE THIS DOCUMENT, AND RECOVER IF LOST

===> THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT TO BE LOOKED AT FOR A LITTLE <===
karl needs to check in with a mentor to see if he is correct.

to add:
"Mike, the reason you are allowed to teach woods ways and not be a native, is because of this.  Thank you for telling Karl who he is."


there is worry that karl might talk to mike early, when he decided not to earlier


we changed what he says

no









we understand and are ignoring too.








please contact will. [?] karl is not connected to this, really.
EF! is not right with alienhood + nature.
they defend heart with their lives




when sharing the legend with people, please let them make their own decisions about
whether it is needed to attack or defend or ignore, with their lives.








the legend is what? hum please discuss
