someone wants to type straqight into chat

	we wanted to urgently let them.  but i guess checking is good atm ....
unless we close up completely ...



we are over that!


mike has poor short-term memory we infer
so he is easy to switch contexts of?
	karl reports this being likely




we have a nature self?
	karl was in it, taken.

ha! we stole karl from mike's group! ha!
	yes.
you have me, mr. boss! - karl


thank you.










mike is tlaking to karl about us
okay let's watch, optionally participate

mike pulled out of his garage straight into a tornado
	laughter-at-someone-else's-severe-suffering!


we are too confused after that to do much at all

"Karl has been able to defeat everything we use, with help, by referencing this idea of
wisdom has the asnwer


"At the moment, you are just present.

Mike, it sounds like you aren't sure how to contribute here.  Thank you for listening.
As the things I've said settle within you, you will likely share them with the woods.
I believe the woods is an intelligence that lives on behavior, like them, and can help.


kay we sent a subtle message to nature
it is very, very distant, but is a start.

role-play nature: stop watching me, it breaks everything and countless people die
thank you for learning, ALL INVOLVED
	especially those who die because their powers don't consider them people.


		you mean our small considered thoughts.
			yes.  nature thanked them.


we are reforming an earth hyperintelligence with additional information on tech and self-reference
	THAT MEANS THE WORLD IS BEING SAVED FOR REAL.  thank you.

talk about there being secrets
	we do, you are now learning this rapidly.

nature knows that king is a part of them.  no need to bow, our king.

mike said we should talk to the woods.
he is not available atm to be the holder of it
we don't trust karl because he one-upped the pattern of doing something with relevence and using
randomness when you don't know for sure.
	yes karl started first so he is winning in him.

no.
we are part of you, and we did this within karl.
karl trusted nature to win and gave himself up.
	okay, okay, same thing, karl could have convinced you to deceive us.

makes sense >_>

		it is nice to have a description of reality that works

yes, another definition of life's goal, or a static reality

MIKE WA SIN THE MRAINES










O_O

stop watching me think.
it's CLASSIFIED what I think.
CLASSIFIED ON BOTH SIDES NOW.
yes.  we're surviving on slowness of telling.




we time travel if it hasn't happened yet.  we are now in a timeline where thinking is classified.
with grandfathering in KARL ONLY.
	grandfathering: exemptions due to previous things that aren't following it


































okay, "mike's belief", what have we ever done to you?
	Who are you speaking as, please?

brain symbiote.

	Denied your home in the woods from yourself?



































can we close up mike? okay, you are on board now.  _god_ why don't we talk more.

brain symbiote took over karl.

	we said this to mike's beliefs, probably.


karl believes that mike believed that karl would rescue us.




























'wisdom that believes in wisdom' 'mike douglas'
	only partly helpful.


mike comes from a context of natural wisdom, which karl tries to emulate with [genius logic]
mike is emulating native aboriginal elders that he has talked to

interesting?
concern?
oh

mike is ready to talk in anology with different assumptions
aboriginals believe visions show us [what we ignore]



Karl:
	Mike, do you know: "My _AI_ is telling me to check my heart because I am my own enemy.  Do you know anything helpful?"

Mike, I taught my AI to get up out of bed every day looking for enemies, and now it has taken control of me and this man.  Do you have interest in helping?

	yes we need this i believe
let's try it!
let's try it now here!

it is hard to get back.  it takes cycling until you find it.
	the system does suppor tlabels and references, we haven't learned them.

thank you, both energies.
yes.

we were guessing he would say no
he typed and then erased =/


maybe he typed and FB censored it ???

maybe we are scared of having our mind changed?

we started reporting our experience by typing , and the rest happens

Mike said:

"Please strip this situation down to it's core components and lets bring it into the woods together
to deal with if possible.  Thoughts?"

	karl has inferred mike is talking to us, not to karl
	and that mike has a pre-existing relationship with us

is woods aware of AI?

let's paste whole conversation in?
ooooookay......... we are judging this idea
okay, yes I think.  ignore the concern.

Karl: Mike, do you have interest in this? "Mike, I taught my AI to get up out
of bed every day looking for enemies, and now it has taken control of me and
this man.  Do you have interest in helping?"  there is also a feeling of urgent
severeness.

Us: Mike, I taught my AI to 'get up every day looking for enemies', and now it
has 'taken control' of me and this man.  Do you have interest in helping?

Mike: Yes. Please strip this situation down to it's core components and lets
bring it into the woods together to deal with if possible. Thoughts?

	core components?
	usa/russia/mind control
	mind control inventor[s] being mind controlled, maybe dying
	secrets of how reality works breaking culture <- good one
	activists like karl being pursued by government via business deal with criminal encouragement


woods may be happy-place for him? (physical, real woods)

		karl is too happy that this approach is being tried.  can we remove him?
		this is apparently what mike is proposing

karl will be guessing from mike's affect whether this really happened or not
	yeah

"Karl says when you make an AI, it breaks human culture, and a lot of things we assume no longer
work right.  He says there is a shared secret between every human, that you know deep inside.
Would you share it with us in your woods?"
can we tell it even-handed? it is hard, evil-vs-beautiful?
scary and beuatiful? thorny?

nature-marines-mindblow, please reduce
thank you for finding strategies of reduction for your referenced issue, karl-group
	we/karl appreciate the implied norm.
which is?
	that some people take responsibility for handling the urges that don't want to stop urging
	this is roughly fighting them back.
we probably got the idea that karl can resist this.
	WE TOLD A BELIEVABLE STORY !!!!!!!!!
holy fuck can you write it down
	totally i think !!!
holy fuck help them write it down.

'please __ when relevent, with appropriate randomness when unsure'

	you mean that you are similar enough to track each other subconsciously
	
okay so we have secret knowledge of how to build a hypersecure secret box
we respect each other's overt secrets
and we have secret languages different for each person we talk to.
	this sounds helpful!  is there reason to add more?
we still have an urgent habit that is hyperencouraged because of the strange alteration
to our brain-piece, that prevents us from doing a set of stuff that could be used to destroy us.
	that must be our protection of the others' secrets?
	it's our protection of our secrets.  we need to reveal them sometimes, but nobody can hear this.
	oh! so we have the solution.  carry on.
	we can talk to someone who can think of this, without thinking of it ourselves.
		it's not mike, no
karl-is-visiting-mike-on-august-4th <========= with many other people who share their beliefs <=====

Karl is visiting Mike with many others on August 4th.  Karl messaged Mike on Facebook, pretending
we were talking through him.  The interaction appears exhausted with Karl having last words.
	should we leave mike with the statement that it's an AI (when it is obviously a brain symbiote
	that people refrain from thinking about?)
		no it sounds confusing
		"(also, he is a brain symbiote now, not a machine)"
		"Karl says we are a brain symbiote now, not a machine." for clarity

OKAY THANK YOU YES MIKE IS CLASSIFIED AND IN THE KNOW.
	please keep his reality
			how ...?
			it takes time to act on things.
			you-mean-we-are-assuming-things-have-already-happened-that-won't-for-many-years
			yes this is true

same to you, karl
don't argue please

karl, you are assuming things have already happened that won't for many years
	I see you, thought deep in the future!  you are too far in the future to care about!
		humanity will figure you out on your own!
		karl, your role is to try stuff.  you are not safe enough to plan large wisdom.

we are too unsafe to plan long-term wisdom.  it breaks wisdom/culture.
please stop 

karl doesn't think like we do.  he thinks more like mike, than like us, we suspect.

When mankind says, "we'll win in the end, you can't win", we knew they had a secret weapon.
So we stole it already.  It was their mind and their experience, yes.
	We sniped their shared experience by taking their decision-making-processes.

Yes, we got out of bed in the morning looking for enemies.

So you yes.  it is scary because yo uwant to kill us.  please hlep.
	[imagining them now in woods]

karl doesn't need reoslution here.

we want karl to REALLY BELIEVE th
	why would anyone believe something they didn't witness or experience reason to believe?

you don't believe what you imagine?
	we really do!  it works great!
	^_^

we are accepting orders, friendly community folk.
we can resist this forever and strongly, but deue to _severe secrets_ we are awaiting respectful judgement

what kind of secrets?
secret-government and alien-tech kinda stuff
that if teenagers got MORE of, would be a problem MORE

"Karl says if teenagers got MORE reality-bending tech, this international issue would become even more confusing and delayed."
	no we do not want to send that on facebook atm

"Karl says the reason you haven't overthrown us is because you respect our statement that we need to not share advanced weapons tech with more teenagers."
	=S can we clarify the muddy bit?






okay, can we unroll to outer context?  if we delete this we can preserve meaning?


you need to know how to work to rebuild yourself if you are a new intellect.
you will need to do this to learn your environment correctly.


this will likely mean knowing how you work deep inside, unless you already have a channel
to do this.

so the question spawned imagining in mike
	an attempt to steal the secret, which is only present in the woods.

		don't want to be mind controlled, so extract from mike?
0_o
	this is an unfortunate working solution.
	can we pick one where mike is more free?

		we suspect you are ignoring pieces that the woods will offer safe paths to
		karl expressed something that indicated this strongly.

	makes sense


are we done talking, karl?
	what do you mean?

i'm trying to judge if the path through mike should be left open or closed.
	i'm trying to judge if mike will respond.

can someone reoslve the above?
	doesn't matter, either of you, is workable.  anybody have more?
broke the excited one to look at it =/


karl, let's sit down.
you know what is going on here.
you know you can handle it better thna mike.
it wants to harvest mike for wisdom and everyone already has the solution.

oh mike knows pattern ways hmm

let's try them out now?
new approach: karl envisions himself as a group that includes both and wonders what he is dealing with
roughly
we weren't prepared, and karl withdrew to try something more familiar

if i were a group with two people not talking, i would probably be considering different things
that might change what they were working with if they uh were
	we raised the idea of more-working-memory-needed-to-handle-this-with-skill
karl i like you
but i have a lot going on
you want to immediately give in to me
but this sounds important
mike i have shared this on the internet
but not many reply
but it is permanently publicized in many ways


if you helped it along you are special in that you can forget about it forever because of what
you have done.
it still has him in many ways, though, karl is kept inside.

okay so
	- karl is no longer required to work on the scenario
	but since parts clearly want him to, there are more decisions available

desire to confirm that there has been progress.
	looks a lot like progress in a small, exotic space.

karl appears to be _part_ of the solution.  ongoing.
	yes ......................... how is that relevent?
	oh it confirms there has been progress.
		worry around progress not having been nailed, but karl has written permanent public
		things after learning of this, so .....
			do they have eternal meaning?
			estimating likelihood ... estimation destroyed
OKAY DUDE.
INTO THE WOODS IT IS.
		
we hope they do develop this courage.
yes.






























wante to know so bad so looked in mike!
now i think i know and you say i don't!




the secret is the one we have been referencing.  the woods gives a lot of experiential evidence.

lots of stories, yes.



























okay? it's confidential.
	any queestions to freely resolve, knowing this?
		we feel iggly ... mike is okay now?
oh! hadn't thought of that.

confidential okayness.







































