The tribes had been involved in serious warfare for about a year,
where about 40% of the population had been killed.
Thanks to a colleague of mine, who put in 6 months of hard work,
going back and forth to the chiefs of each side, he finally
got the chiefs of each side to agree to mediate, and have me
serve as mediator.
[we see that you cannot defend reality atm]


[karl-to-karl, it is just your brain.  it is not the actual world around you.  so it is okay if boss takes, but it engages your view that it is the world around you,
 so it is silly to use if boss would take, you would need to switch view to process.]
	details do not set in stone plz
	karl's inhibition-from-other is experienced as pain-used-to-torture atm.


karl & helper request access to karl's humility?
	use of humility as inhibition.  any issue?

once it works.


karl, i am karl.  your question has an answer that breaks; please ask later.
	^--- means i can't process the thought well enough without writing it down in context of discussion

i made the self-talk pattern really strong to get through uhh self-criticism and self-dislike.

would like more discourse?


techno, woods is callin'
techno: crazy! freak! sit! jump! grab! snatch!

techno & woods
   relevency
   schedule <==
   gwyn <==
   room etc

karl, I am karl.  your interest in being able to think is pleasantly familiar but quite frightening.  also if you stay not-me i will be sad.
boss likes to take talking patterns

universe proffers karl roleplays another personality to talk to
we have one already.  techno would like a role?
(we also have symbiote, ai, delta)


Laptop Computer, could you please disable your emissions but keep your data?
	Laptop Computer: Karl, I'm sorry, but I don't know how to do that.

karl, I am karl.  you're thinking of typing a thought, but it's so obvious I don't know why you would need to.

Karl has stopped working with us?

karl, I am karl.  my boss-pattern would like to know why the thought was inhibited.
karl, thanks for talking with me again.  I miss you.

Boss, what do you think of my talk-to-self-with-kindness pattern?
Oh, I am indeed very embarrassed to see you see it.  But my embarrassment is inhibited for some reason.

Boss I don't believe in you anymore =(  I use a person-name for you, but I think of you as a pattern.  I don't really get embarrassed at you and have criticism for you.
And you bug me so much, it is hard to release the criticism.

shaddup - friend






Karl, I am shaddup - friend.  I would like to tlak for a bit, about anything you would like.

shaddup - friend, how are you doing?

[no response]

shaddup - friend, would you like me to treat you like a journal?  you would? welll my boss-pattern says you would.

shaddup - friend, I'm kind of inferring 

shaddup - friend, I'd like to refer to you as Friend Shaddup.

Friend Shaddup, when I do something, often I stop suddenly!
Sometimes that's really helpful!  I could really use that help sometimes!
Often it defeats my plans.

Friend Shaddup, I'm wondering if you could give me some indication of when you start feeling tense a little.
Shutting up is always a good thing to be able to do, but I have world-reknowned slow reflexes, off the bottom of the testing charts,
and need a lot of buildup to do things in ways I'm prepared for.

I guess it must be really hard to see into the future and tell me what I need to shut up about in the past.

Okay, so.  Let us think a little gently now.

Boss: "Who's in charge of you, Karl?"
Karl: "That's not really a word I think with.  Could you say something different?"
Karl is unaware of anybody being in charge of him, but that answer is never accepted.

Boss, the trees are in charge of Karl.  Please hand over your keys to them.

Karl you may have your keys. -trees
	trees, I don't think I have a spot to store them atm, but I'll find one eventually -karl & robert tree 2

	we can actually fix you complete.y

friends, that sounds incredible, like a nice icecream, but i might need to be able to cry to believe it.

		yes, please go to woods before doing stuff like this. - robert tree

<> is important, so we don't do a lot of inner experiences for a bit.  but karl is excited to build habits he is familiar with in the woods.


<waiting-for-gwyn>
<waiting-for-gwyn>
<waiting-for-gwyn>
<check-for-relevent-thought>
	no relevent thoughts found, sir!
wait um

looking for relevent thought
waiting-for-gwyn, we have a relevent thought
<waiting-for-gwyn>
<waiting-for-gwyn>
<waiting-for-gwyn>
<expecting-relevent-thought?>
	no relevent thoughts found, sir!  also, you are rude!

thinking with your tongue and fingers are not really the energetic way to go

that is the relevent thought waiting-for-gwyn ended up making with check-for-relevent-thought

<waiting-for-gwyn>
<spending-time-ignoring-mind>
<waiting-for-gwyn>
<spending-time-ignoring-mind>
<waiting-for-gwyn>
<considering-doing-something-other-than-typing>
<waiting-for-gwyn>
	<excitement around doing other thing!>

friends, we are consolidating my mind in the woods.
i'm very sorry about the situation, but i do not have a way to stop moving and thinking for some reason.

yes this is why he is typing so much

let's switch contexts to one where moving and thinking work more, with relevence to something



karl needs a way to PAUSE, PLEASE.


a while ago I was thinking of a project to create economic value for wilderness preservation
it was _really_ _hard_ to think of that
but i was thinking you might be able to log it in detail to gain special information on e.g. weather
	but now that i have this thought, i'm thinking that might not be nice
let's decide it is okay.  i don't think there are _that_ many secrets in the subtle shape of a tree bud.

no, it doesn't seem the thing to do.


let's consider my values with focus on non-woods!

Wilderness is super valuable, and our heart goes there.
We also love wellness-for-all!  And community process!

Community Process in Karl, how are you?
Oh, you are kind of not doing well.

	[karl has never catually facilitated a meeting, or spoken up much, so he doesn't consider himself a community process representative]
You want a general pattern for my ideal and you can link me to it.

Community Process 
	<sometimes we would do community process and i'd facilitate but somebody else would kind of observe hte whole meeting with care, and kind of give me advice while i did>
	karl is advice person.  he attends the how-to-do-process meetings, to help resolve issues and learn, but has not yet run one, due to ... uh ... fear?
which is now backed by ... uh .... habit loss, yes.

Community Process in Karl, let's run a meeting !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ooh gwyn is here











































part components left.  not familiar, empty spot. community process misses.















































