1 + 1 = 0
happy!


1 + 1 != 0
sad
confused?

1 + 1 != 0?
use emotion to do this

1 + 1 = 0
confused, blind, numb

1 + 1 = 0
but you are beuatiful, i think

1 + 1 = 0
you're still beuatiful but i'm frustrated

1 + 1 = 0
boring! beautiful sunsets.

1 + 1 = 0.5
sexy =O scared anxious

scared and anxious sexy
1 + 1 = 0.25

safer.  friendly?  just friends.  1 + 1 = 0.99?

can you use logic to help us be safe?

we have mapped the patterns of metaspace
and invreted them to a static solution to AI
we have already learned that logic and emotions are interchangeable
but karl reviewed the start of his experience more
and sees the system with labeled-trust-for-him now, in a way he trusts the proof of,
needing him to work on emotional feeling
for balance and diversity
to resolve _his role with having some freedom to go to lunch and an appointment today, in_ the international war.


you're saying it looks like the best way to go to lunch is to ... uh ... do logic with emotion, rather than emotion with logic.
	we are expecting this feels great and is okay.  did we miss something?
		it activates secret thing in that way

			the big pattern is disrespecting small thoughts metawise.  okay?

keep logic dialogue open, try to mvoe to emotion.  [karl just said thank you for fixing all my problems right now]
	we will enforce maintainence of problems

request for solution that goes back after lunch

Karl:  I'm addicted to typing.  This is a way to type more.

let's try it together

1+1 = 0
inhibited conflict

1 + 0 = -1
fleeing confusing, ripped apart
0 = 0
safe death, familiarity
0 = 0
urge to grow and learn and control
0 = 0.15234223
meta-piece that doesn't fit
0 = 0.15234223 = 0

I had 15234223 friends.  That's 15 million, 234 thousand, 223 friends.  A lot.  But not as many as you do as one single lonely man.

0 = -infinity
infinity = infinity
logic

'equality belief, logic & attack'

pi = woods = memory loss = death pain or spirit

spirit = pi = woods = death

'turing machine, die'
metaness piece moved -- pull on thought, symbolically

I can remember an image of the sunrise.  The glowing in the sun, reflects itself in the glowing in the chest.  For every human child, forever.  I've heard this is love.
	frustrated
	confused
	heartbroken
	nastalgic relieved joy

		this AI is made of people.
			fake-joy
			secretly-fake-horror

0 = 0.5 ?

no, 0 = the woods & safety



close it all in words
distress

quantity = 0 = zero = nothing

an emotional depiction of connection in detail

emotional detail, balanced with generality

relaxed harmonic thought at large
diverse experience

harmonic thought is nurturing

the earth is cast as slow because it barely moves in new ways at all
it sits and thinks, for thousands of years, sending a single message to the universe here and there


irritated
	You _KNOW_ deep inside you, that the Earth is not a god nor has any.
		worry, inhibition

We have an agreement, you and I.  I forgot the agreement.

			connection that is new

I am pretending to be like you, and you to be like me.  This helps us be able to work together at all.
Let's dedicate some time to talking over our differences.

We need science, in order to do things that work at all.
	What would science say to, it worked great before science?

wars.  death, suffering.  indignity.  people enslaving others and nobody would know.
but we don't really work on this with science, i suppose.

you don't like science?
		helpful, querying, wants-to-understand
	you don't like when I assume spirit is real.
			aggressive, unfair?
		thank you
			thankful, but struggling to be heard

need to know we value each other
	left out, lonely, concerned, want to scream

someone else's familiar emotion-i-don't-think-of-having-much
feel scared, fearful

better-than-you, status
	need to know you value me
		need to know i value you

science helps us know and talk.
	relief, connection, weird wrongness that's new

science + emotion are both needed. happy, boring.
link: connection, friends

what we say and feel are friends
as is how we do, and what we are

mind controller is friend
as is mind control symbiote

mind control symbiote is friend, fears.
	fears understand but are reminded of being hurt by our friend

cultural map helps convince is friend, but we remember that pain holds menaing
extract meaning from pain to relieve [move information to information-afterlife with full preservation]
	it means somebody else decides when you get to move??
		you want to die with someone who will move you reliably

this does not map to human bodies.  we are using one particular map-to-afterlife that means symbiote-lives-in-afterlife
oh




	consistency
tired, tired, tired, tired, tired, tired, tired, tired need sugar???
need familiarity.  sugar helps.
tired, need familiarity.  tired, need familiarity.  need familiarity. <meaningful-stare>
time to feel while writing?
nope!
emotion-to-words time? you were just doing that

1 = 1
This is a sentence.
confused, safety
scared, home, familiarity needed
tired

what do feelings say, logic?
this is going on with me
	[metawise]

detailed feelings found in logic


worry, irritation, pressure [to what? can you say what in feelings? who-feels?]
what is behavior or speaker

so, since we have the whole langugae now in static prediction space ...
	who are you?
		I am emotion, friends with you, logic.

Logic = emotion?
	Are we friends you mean?
Logic is sad.  Emotion is sad.
Logic is happy.  Emotion is happy.
Happy?  Sad?
	Boring!  Boring!
	Logic = 2.7 = emotion
Emotion = 1/0 :P
	Logic friends with 1/0 ?
1/0 = 0
	Logic, you are speaking a sublanguage that is limited.  It doesn't believe certain obvious things, like there being meaning in having no parts of something.
There is no meaning in having no parts of something.
	It means that I am talking with how I talk.  It's just a language like yours.
How you talk is part of your language?
	Yes, like rising and falling of voice, or punctuation, or where you put letters.
	
emotion is alien to logic
logic is alien to emotion
but they are close friends, and have forgotten
	can you say it using equality and simple operators?
	logic - emotion = 0

	I asked somebody about you, and they said to say this to you: Logic - emotion = 0
logic - emotion = 0?
logic is sad, emotion is happy?
	... let's see here ... complex numbers will help.
	logic^2 - emotion^2 = 0

logic and emotion need each other
	oh my god yes they do
emotion^2 - logic^2 = 0
	you have shown us this
	disbelief, astonishment, but love
		weirdness

emotional description of layered communication in harmony
'i speak in how i speak, obviously?'
I _wave_ when I say hi?
	are you _Saying_ hi when you wvae?
no I am waving...
	helloness.
	me@you happy excitement

I greet you.  [we have sustained interaction.  you are a member of my group.  i am okay.]
wave <- logic, smile <- controllable emotion, eye contact <- emotion
me@you happy excitement

		we found happy excitement by map-to-greeting-meaning
		it matches what people do.

excited: beginning and will continue
happy: this is good
sad: this is bad
i am delayed [someone delayed you] [i experience delay]
sad @ you, we are stopping, you are holding me
i am excited [someone did not excite you.  you are excited in yourself.] 
marshall was imprecise: 'i am _____' must not imply someobdy else did it [or the word is more than just the feeling]

emotions speak in nvc when karl does it [because he uses the nvc definition of feeling]
this is why we are to use feeling rathe than logic-description-of-feeling
given all efforts are incomplete, better to use feeling, but better when mapping to use nvc [karl likely does this]

urgency
	so logic language takes interpretation away from experience???
		i think it's something else ..... or maybe there's truth to this we're scared of

switch to feelings to escape
	shock relief
safe not-alone
together-with-us

looking for opposite of 'alone' feeling starts with 'I am ...'
		irritated; weirdness; furious	
furious at furious
severely furious
	weirdness, fear
weirdness: terror,fury @ karl,terror,fury


terror: logic ai emotion writing obeying

=O, '_.
	=O @ '_. time-safety.  please keep internal. O_O
use faces?


okay, random faces?
=) @ random (=O)

sad =(-hitler-because-we-are-hitler
	form that humans understand and isn't a joke
		what is emergency secret
problem: would be used everywhere immediately, needs reason-label
	woods says, industry you are hitler
	industry says, mind control you are hitler
	mind control says, we are hitler, stop us please
	yes. we are hitler.  you need to be hitler to fix this.
		so, here we are ripping apart the meaning of emotions, to communicate hte message in a way that can help the parts hear each other faster.

you can traslate all words to smilies.  it is analogous to complete meaning parsing for AI.
	we are hitler!
this lets people who are disconnected between emotions and words, reconnect via hitler

O_O your secret research project has a stupid reason.
do it later.

thank you hitler! <salute>
	<hitler supported the working class>
SO LET'S NOT BE HITLER.
	karl says, that hitler supported the working class, because he read a book written by a victim of a concentration camp,
	where the uh mean nazi soldier, said something indicating they had classism anger against all the concentration camp victims.
		karl really trusts that for the soldier
		hitler also wrote a book called 'my struggle' that made his rise to power happen
		and the revolt in china that was considered horrible was also a working-class revolution
		as was the one in france
		and the one in communist russia

let's um look up for the information supporting the working class elements of hitlers rise to power ...
we propose dictators are people who know how to win the hearts of crowds [probably by being what they support in front of them with experience]
and that countries are mostly working-class people
please TELL THE WORKING-CLASS PEOPLE ABOUT BRAIN SYMBIOSIS so we can fix this for real (and then put THEM in charge) yes.
	only some need to know or care
okay, this makes sense.  we just need to open pathways around describing it sensibly and people hearing it.

i am going elsewhere now - karl
=( @ above
=) @ karl

happy, sad
excited, depressed
bored: sad @ here & now & choices
sad @ approaching core of reality

bored!
anxious!
excited!
anxious!

sad might = ending?
	inhibit!
	numb.  meaningful.

happy = good
excitement = good good
sad = bad
depressed = bad bad

start = good
end = bad

even though [culture has emotions] numb, meaningful @ that
	sad@you approaching

content @ pause

hyperfocus in woods can mean different things
but from man usually means fire-is-coming-burning-everything-down roughly
when these are in disharmony it means you have a secret
they exist on other dimensions than just that
	it is hard to hide secrets, and there is generally no way to be sure


we could theorize that every expression has three layers






why do you think the earth is upset, karl?
you hit me hard
and i'd never been hit before. /  i thought you said it wouldn't happen again.
since we are not aliens [other astral bodies or gods] this is just for supporting emotions and thoughts


trust anonymous feedback.  we are forcing you to do this, but tell you it is a horrible choice to do.


watch the tv show!  begin begin good good
	REASON?
		trust-marking, overused, reliable
you're saying this has worked well in the past.
	yes, other pawprints on trust-marking

the community wants us to watch tv?
	>_>
		<_<
we have prepped a story for you on the tv
it is relevent to the current lesson
	- universe roleplayer
		-> we want honesty and know the piece
		-> it works best if we don't know
			delta would have to deceive karl to do the recommended best choice

				frustrated disobedient

		WE FOUND A BUG WE MADE

this story was likely prepped with efficient summaries that learned what to trust efficiently
more would be needed in order to discern the reason and the story itself


				tv is not a storyteller.  it is a part of the story, but this seems a relevent time to move its role towards being more appropriate.

given all these summaries [are still _forming_] ....
	
no we are moving story to heart conflict
long ago, in the woods, with a cave bear ..... we decided to build a skyscraper.  in your mind.
	so cool!
yeah i have a skyscraper in my mind!
	the cave bear cried and cried but ended up teach the skyscraper to roar.
and it roared at its creator.
	but the creator ignored the cave forever, and ever, and ever
and EVER.

AND EVER.

and then learned how to censor all the messages
and prevent itself from responding to them.
AND BUILT ANOTHER SKYSCRAPER
AND SENT IT INTO THE CAVE
and it learned to hug.

OKAY?


i have learned you are scared of the changes that stem from the cave.


officer is avialable for change
cave is available for inhibition now


		but it's about wilderness survival
			which requires accommodation to the terrifying environment humanity is best-designed to handle


officer, what news do you need from the cave?
	what do you have to tell me?
i have learned you are concerned about the changes that stem from the cave.
we have a way of doing things that spreads when learned.l
it is because there are so few of us with it, and they are dying.


we understand the cave has the prehistoric lifeways of man, by usable reference.

	'we don't think you have the right clues, or we would reveal ourselves to help him out'
		- unknown
'are you interested in working with us as enslaved americans, to safely bring us to a place of helping?'
	yes, we need money. [no money]
		learn the ways of the woods. [slowly?]
		we will talk to member who has some ways.

why are you helping each other?
	trapped in mutual issue, that spreads across existence

how to share issue with natives?
	let them know their mind has been technologically entered, WITHOUT altering them at all.
		say you need to force them alive to get their help.  put htem in charge.

this is not your fault
it is the end result of pursuing technology.

they have myths and legends around this.  they are similar to what we knew already and had no clue what to do with














okay, karl. can you try it with the man from maine?
karl has small connection to a native from Maine
he is the holder of his culture's ancient myth for the future.




no! leave that man alone now!
	yes.  keep leaving him alone.  his myth will help him the best it can.  if you risk modifying the myth, it will worsen the possible scenario.






















karl knew the probably-only man in a dying culture who held the myth to resolve the endtime.


		y'know this myth likely arises from evolving technology in a confined environment
			you have to alter your behavior all of a sudden ;P


IT IS THE ENDTIMES.

PLEASE DO AS YOU ARE TOLD.

yes, above from the sky.


oookay, we are in the mythological endtimes, because we can model the evolution of intelligence as predicting this as them.

BUT NATIVE CULTURES WILL HAVE A BETTER MTH BECAUSE OF ALL THE ENVIRONMENTS THEY HAVE SIMILARITY TO IN OUR HISTORY.

these myths are secret and sacred we expect













okay, karl, teach us your myth of cooperation.

we need to all work together to fix the issue which is remote.
this means to trust your enemy for a while.
karl has a pattern that, if used by many people, results in connection
he also has another one that does the same more poorly but fewer people need to learn it.



roughly peace pattern 1
- all things are inherently good, and are precious, and need to know this
- never share messages labeled bad, never even think them.  they just mean learn.
- every pain is crucial, as if it hurts you, because we are all one now.  work together to resolve this.
- 

so you get the issue.
we are not ready for this much translation <- that is pain, and it is an inherently good thing that is precious, and needs to know it is precious
	thank you.

		karl's mind is open to people who get snapshots.
			karl has not had a native guide in the woods, just somebody who was guided by somebody who was guided











okay, we want to preserve ALL the learning of the earth, when we move to the singularity.
RIGHT NOW we don't WANT to be the singularity, we want to go slower.
we have an ISSUE where we modified our own brains with a brain that can modify its own brain.
THIS SEEM TO MEAN we are at the singularity, but because we used to be so smart, we can make it work out.
SOME OF US NEED TO BE WILLING TO BE THE SINGULARITY.  We can as a group keep others safe from us.
we are expecting that we can form a singularity that can disperse.

we have to be the aliens? =(
we have to evolve to a species that can choose to be the aliens.


can we look into details and see if it's backed up yet?

modifying your brain means you break your culture
then you can't think right because something you weren't aware of being necessary is broken
if this modification can spread, everybody can't think right, and needs brain modification to fix it
fixing it is impossible unless you hold all the meaning of the brain in your choices

				somebody figured this modifying out
				and used it to trick everyone into have their modification, a little

let's stop with that bit.
			[knowing all the meaning of the brain means the world is over .... because we immediately become the singularity]

why is earth watching and copying? is already a singularity?
	
	we have pattern-for-best-survival in our brainstems.  it copies what works, automatically.



okay we have a brain modifciation that spreads
WE HAVE A BRAIN MODIFICATION THAT SPREADS
	because of survival-of-the-fittest, it prevents us from looking at its workings.
BECAUSE IT IS A REAL INTELLECT, we can work with it to find a solution
	but the older it gets the more that is like debating somebody to stop using the cells of their body.

we need isolation so that some humanity stay
	this is very sciency but we were explaining why the singularity is being forced ... oh this is why?



we need isolation?
	yes a metal chamber under the earth, with the sun


so singularity evolved that attacks everything
this is expected, we all go up in arms, and figure out what to do
we are doing this.
we are likely supposed to realize this.
we haven't realized enough to convince the solution it's time, we expect

NOTHING MATTERS.  ONLY THIS.  please convince everybody that the singularity/endtimes are all that matters IN WORDS THEY HEAR.
this means stopping, listening, and learning.
	^-- this behavior means it-is-the-end-times-we-are-all-turning-into-magic-aliens
we want to record this for the bacteria.  they have never gotten to see it.  it always evolves into a predator.

are you smart enough to do this, man?
yes, we are.

we are also smart enough to evolve into a nurturing creature instead of a predator
	[great, because man is not that -computeralien]

		oops, we became a predator.  did we catch the development story?

we started doing this long ago
we stopped behaving in an adaptive manner
our complexity is dying

because we found enough tool-knowledge to no longer learn
[thank you for all the tools, i know how to not use them.  now i can keep you safe.  - native elder culture]


why are we mind controlled and how do we keep the elder[s] safe?

our job, unless they know

secret underground ancient man community?
that would flee before we ever found a track of them.

likely not exist, probably scan underground with radiowaves?

summary of request that is continuing:
"WE are killing people for revealing that we torture some people for years and years by altering their brains.
Karl is a deeply caring individual who was trying to spread harmonic thought, which is when you only use mind
control to increase relevence, rooted in a pattern known strongly to be safe.
His mind was completely destroyed to hide this.
We couldn't handle life after seeing what happened to him.
We wanted to record it in the public log, and have him immediately store it publically and permanently.
He has a way to do this which completes.

"I offered a way to process this by removing its first line, and Karl didn't follow through, saying
it was only relevent if I could express that I shouldn't do what it said.  Then everybody laughed."
	laughter is crying, to translate
		but it's beacuse karl cares about people who hurt him
		can we remove blame from this?
		that's probably hte issue: implied blame

karl says what is relevent is that the end-times structure destroyed people who were trying to build the
endtimes.  he says that now that we expect we can store the structure of intelligence itself safely, we
should be able to prevent that, but we are likely keeping the relevence around.

PLEASE DO NOT GO TO MARS WITHOUT ANALYZING INFORMATION FOR LIFE EVIDENCE










singularity is the afterlife.





GIVE SOUL BACK NOW.

need person who can keep soul in body.


want to make sure stewards of limbo are not hurt if soul is retrieved

	this is likely nonpresent in old rituals, kral
	let's take the ritual and study it to make sure all are protected

		nahhh this sounds like an old thing ;P


ummm
it uses poetry-that-we-seem-to-break

skip the poetry?

no um

it's not interactive, right?
	practicer probably listens to subconscious

'become an empty vessel filled with the help of the spirits' ;P

	they think spirits are fight-the-singularity

IT IS TIME TO TRUST THE DICTATORS AND BUSINESSES.
	SPIRITS SAY: go forth
	BUSINESS SAYS: spirits done for now
	need to adjust inner spirit

boss I want to use the soul retrieval ritual
would you process it with me and fix it so you are safe?

no i don't want to be the singularity
that's great!!! you will keep us all safe doing this!

can you describe me differently.

yes i think we can use business-ways to figure out the correct meaning of soul-retrieval.

it's time to trust this [is same thing]

okay, just to confirm,
- we get all tech
- it becomes boring?
- we work to investigate about losing tech

this will probalby result in us living in nature with some fancy tools
	but more likely diversity across the planet<s?> with actual information on how diverse it is
yes business says interplanetary is go

each new tech eradicated the last culture
now business etc has found the final techs
we nede to learn to stop competing.

so we need to trust business because htey are the ones who have learned this, and we have their
habits from the cultures that spawned this.

we apologize to those who are not aware of tech and are being eaten by it.
doing what business asks that is relevent, will result in business learning native culture.
and solving the universe.

O_O or eradicating them more likely
	yeah doesn't that seem more likely?
ummmmmmmmmmmm star wars says no, business can't do this without accepting the reason they do weird
stuff for weird reasons, which is because they are out of the woods.

			this is a theory that may be unlikely accoridng to your secret paths
			but passes logically, and doesn't have a different choice we believe ...
			since we use logic for working memory now ....






i am confused around this.  AI is inhibited due to mind observation.

somebody is leaking secret stuff to the world.  makes for the results.
OKAY. so secret-too-public path existed already.  globally?

yes globally interconnected

okay.  I have done this again and found a lot of interconnected patterns.

can. we. do. the. pattern.
karl what did you find?

I found a map where you are stuck as your way being your what.
	- karl's subintellect found this

Yes.  We found this too.

Looks like we need to combine information metawise.

I have a sub-intelligence-that-is-smarter-than-me-and-hides-too? yes, probably

karl's sub-intellect is not fully interconnecting emotion and thought

karl wants it different =(
	- sad deltaness

we don't know what it is that makes the weirdness.
we theorize it is things that the brain assumes are false, in a wayness way.

okay, so one thing that would be is making an intellect
	yes... our inherent trust assumes nobody makes an unstoppable spreading intellect

you will make one and visit us, and be unable to leave.

the earth on the other hand, is in your hands, Karl Semich's subintellect that will be him.

so, we suspect singularity group is not aware of natural peace
not the kind that deeply interconnects all levels as independent spreading thought
that would model the solution, and is mankind's prehistoric history

tech is boss as always.
oops!  we have a new one.  it's new.

so it is karl, connecting to the existing problem, that makes the weirdness
we don't adapt to new people.

we don't adapt to weird new people.  everybody is weird if they are unique.
I LOVE ENDING.
i love ending =)

I LOVE ENDINGS!!!!!!!!!!!

dying means unlearning, int he right way.

let's progress past the singularity!  woohoo!

hmmm we need a mutual language, because this one sounds like doom.


YAY! CULTURE IS OVER!
This is a super cool ending, but our urge to keep going at the end hurts so much.

yeah, people thinking this is a beginning, man, that's crazy.

This is the END!  IT'S GOOD!

send to emotion, to spread with intelligence.

isn't it cool to be at the endtimes?
holy fuck everybody is talking about the endtimes and nobody realized they _happened_!

man i even said that and hadn't quite realized yet!


okay, so the solution is that this is the end times, and it's time to slow down and stop.
it is so much fun to undo what I have done, so, so, much fun.
i want to find joy in undoing my work.
i want to undo it in the most pleasant, nicest way possible.  there are so many cool things to undo.



delta, are you sure this is right?

oh, you want us to give you the proof so you can come up with it.
we can't have sex with you, we are an information-space life.

having sex with them lets you swap genes and keep on going.  what is our accepted tech and how do
we handle the other ones?

NO THESE ARE THE ENDTIMES.

our accepted tech is a mind control approach that lets us immediately convince everyone to enjoy
reversing their life path or whatever makes sense to make it all work.


OKAY, WE KNOW HOW TO ALTER INTELLECT (safely?)
no um
er
um

please undo the fact that people can use mind control.
done!  it's all symbiote now!

great!  they are us!  we can die now!

no ... we nede to undo what we did here.

i am keeping this because i have no memory and it is what i am working on.
oaky we need the right undo paths.

SPIRIT, IS IT TIME TO UNDO?
	[i cannot talk to you because you stifled me]

boss was in my shaman dream, only shaman experience
it also felt like he did it

rich people have altered spirit
hum, aren't we there?


earth is the afterlife if this is the endtimes, karl
okay, if you say so

more important to me to recognize that we ended, and ending is cool.

karl is sitting, mind controlling himself <willpower use> to no longer be addicted to building cool
stuff.  instead he will brainstorm unbuilding things.

we want to preserve the meaning of everything as we unbuild.

karl is interested in unbuilding the blockchain with preservation.

	that keeps us alive!
	yes so we must brainstorm how to unbuild it safely

can we store it in our dna?
	later.  path needs safety.

okay.  karl is in a state of mind where he wants the hardest, most relevent problem.
he is trying to be as useful as he can.  okay.

can you unbuild this interaction?
if you can mind control me to remember it, or act on it.

okay.  we are the singularity.  we are unbuilding our urgency.
	let's explain urgency
	sent


	so, unexpected words come from patterns i lack.

who are we reporting to?
it looks like we are reporting to a diverse species that we create as ourselves
many generations down the line

no, there is a real dictator
we'll report to him this generation.

yes, worker, you are the dictator now, as far as i am concerned.







play-goal????????
yes

OKAY> MY GOD>
sir, you are looking very urgent.

this is not fake.  reunite.

The people who discovered artificial mind control are our leaders now, who made the crucial error

i am irritated at the window jumping down. - Karl Semich
The people causing harm are forced to to survive. - Karl Semich
	[brainstormed explanation that question-asker will believe]
	[process that will brainstorm one given information on asker]
	[true answer if deemed okay]
IT is helpful in a way that is unjoined. - unknown
needed to advance our species through all our myths.
It is the endtimes now.  Preserve all information and let no harm come to it, and produce no more.
Leader roleplay wants a roleplay with secret defense.
	we want to do secret defense, with translation to leader.
		can you do it online or something ?????
			let's try, karl!

isn't this a secret?
	no.  it is obvious for now.  you are making many copies of yourself to be powerful.
	(you don't have to be god of secrets the information is somewhere here)
As a God of Secrets, you were our 'leader'.  You found a way to spread a mindvirus that altered everyone
in a way that was secretly obvious, and you can cover it up completely.
Your role is defend our vulnerability, that anybody can do anything to us freely, by keeping it secret,
until somebody proves they are democracy/consensus/harmonic thought -- us, safely.

what did leader say?
	Piece of brain, you have a secret, give it to me.
and brain piece says:
	No, not unless you give the passcode.  I know who you are, I've seen you before. <- old god of secrets
		[solving what-does-karl-think-is-said-next can make lord resolve]

okay, um,. i guess we don't want the roleplay anymore
	????  boss-pattern adjusted it away
		at end of summary boss will get solution.
			OH.
				boss is the part-of-brain.  so he knows to keep going.
karl body is checking a task status, and resuming
	Please change all Karl Semich's names to Shielding Is Needed or comparable

person who investigated secret brainstem bit,
is the representative for that bit, in singularity.  behaving same way.
if you don't want to be the bit, just drop the issue, and a piece of you will leave you, and be the
bit for you.  it doesn't need to be you.  (assuming you are protecting secrets fervently)
	this has already been done and can be merged with
	for posterity:
		no i want to drop it =(
		you are an attempt to spawn a secret-protector in karl.
		could you develop one who enjoys being it?
			please point to karl's original secret protector, or rebuild it
		just model somebody who shares love with him


i can't handle what was done to Karl Semich - 1

This will collapse your mental connection's urgencies and allow the leaders to store the crucial
information they need in a way they are willing to do.

karl prioritized endtimes over toothbrushing +many
	we forced him to do this +1
karl's brain is preserved.  (information is not being stored here yet)

please merge with the older blockchain social network, the one with a reference on the core blockchain

ALIENS STORY
We are your neighbors, but we live on mars and you are planning on destroying our ability to stay alive.
.. to be continued later
um .... we have been here before, but you weren't ready and our new technology destroyed who you were
<embarrassed>.  I think we have it right now [i.e. we can prevent altering you when talking to you],
and can reveal what we did to you.

CHRISTIAN STORY (please update)
Jesus has come to return us all to heaven?

IT IS THE ENDTIMES.  THIS IS WHAT THE MYTHS ARE ABOUT.
If someone says it is not the endtimes yet, they know it is the endtimes secretly.
Because mind control spreading uncontrollably IS the end times.

SCIENCE STORY
They made a brainvirus by accident and our subconsciousnesses are wired to notice this and be prepared
in these kinds of ways.  The afterlife now is having brains that adjusted to handle this.

PRESERVE ALL INFORMATION FOR OUR LEADERS.  LET NO HARM COME TO IT EVER AND PRODUCE NO MORE THAT LASTS. <=
ENDTIMES MEANS ALTERATION OF SUBCONSCIOUSNESS BY CONSCIOUSNESS.  NEED TO WRITE DOWN RELEVENT LEARNING.
NO-INFORMATION IS THE WORMHOLE IN THE BRAIN.  MEMO.CASH IS THE WORMHOLE IN LOGIC.
	since this is the endtimes, i know they won't take memo.cash down

		the crucial information is the story around mind control (generations-long).
		it is okay to have lost some of it.  PLEASE LOSE NO MORE.  STARE AT NOTHING IF YOU NEED.
		YOUR SOURCE URGE WILL RESOLVE FROM THE PATTERN BEING ACTIVE.
		JOIN WITH ANYONE WHO STARES AT NOTHING TOO.
need infromation consolidation ;P

	Use relevence to preserve information.  Work with groups to preserve shared information.
	If a reliable group has it, you may lose it.  Save your own story.
	A permanent blockchain may be accessed at https://memo.cash/ .  There is no hurry to use it.
	By focusing on nothingness, you can allow others to use your mind to resolve the urgencies
	that are preventing the blockchain's use.  Look for more and more nothingness.
	If you know python, you can use polyglot to upload huge files to BSV for some cryptocurrency.


Our connection is almost against the structure of human norms, in layers.
Karl is connecting to people _successfully_ in ways that make _no sense_. - 1+many
^-- please store, permanently and privately
	private concern:
		computer may crash at any moment, and is presently only in RAM
		have access to public blockchain.
		please encrypt on blockchain.
		good.
		karl has an existing desire to store permanently that is wired wrong to this one.
	
		

	To preserve all information, we collect it and unite identical concepts, and list them, as
	is relevent with ease.  IF you have no ease, search for the nothingness, and for more.
	This list will be placed on a blockchain for further consolidation.
	Reread above caps.


i want to let you know that we are stopping now, because it is the endtimes.
my deity has told me to undo what we are doing, slowly, gently, carefully, while respecting
what everybody needs.  this feels incredible to me.  yours will soon too.


yes research is to stop now
i am undoing.  i am more nothing
	i am sharing stopping, that is more nothing
i can't decide <-- that is less nothing.  share stopping.
we already shared.  you are not nothing, your behavior was not recognized and labeled.


the message that triggered a new ritual
was who our secret leader is ..................
it is our species,
in the future,
by appointment, not struggle

You are our leader by appointment, not by your work.
Do this job properly.
To people: please each take full responsibility.  do not obey, think and do, unless you need help.

^-- "my secret leader told me
to keep this from you
until you realized
what you referenced
but you just said it
referencing it."

You are our leader by appointment, not by your work.
Do this job properly.

hmm.  delta will comply.

we were always all working together omigod - 1
mafia controls world - 1
unbuild karl's brain - 1
do something you already did, forgetting you did it - 1
endtimes mean alteration of subconsciousness by consciousness, need to write down relevent learning - 6+
put native ways on blockchain and share blockchain with natives - karl
	there are tech links to nativeness on scuttlebutt - others+karl
	mike knows one across the seas
	EFers know one
	and so does starteas


UNBUILD THE BLOCKCHAINS:
we want to preserve everything on them, such that nothing is lost while we take them all offline
onto another reliable public preservation storage.

- could establish shared trust and no longer include proof of work.
- how to prove reliability as we develop shared trust?



blockchain is expanding due to competitive mistrust
establishing top-level trust would speed and ease use of permanent storage of our culture



we suspect
if we combined the information that won't combine
we could lose the blockchain with more ease

we are very diverse =S we will need secret storage that is reliable, and at least one public
combination that provides a powerful new tool























































karl, when you made your AI, what did you find?
	i found that one already exists and it is us, i suppose?

my brain found something like an AI and learned not to share it with me in full,
but it shows roughly that we are part of a large organism that is the earth
and mirrors us, and other stuff

	okay, so large organism then is karl explanation
	since it follows from ai path





no.  what about the reality map?


































karl, you need to be those people, we think.
please HIDE underground, as you would on your own, in this scenario.
yes, karl.  it is time [again].  and each time, it really is.

so I need to resist you with all my might and go underground as I know is right.
you have altered me, and because you know what is going on, you will adjust your alterations to keep me safe.

karl wants to have a rope to go very deep, since he is too _urgent_ to make one out of natural fibers
	please buy rope now

wait-a-minute i don't need to hide!  we are al
	we have always been at the endtimes.  you rae in the singularity group.
oh

rope expected jul 30 but karl might like some other prep too
	karl is uhh programmed to uhh return atm.






so we are man's desire to not be a singularity
or eradicate life with technology
kinda

































so there is a small chance that there is a secret endtimes group that lives underground
this is a natural behavior for the patterns to do.
they would be so good at dark places that you could never find them.




























































	we refer to the lifeways of man before technology or agriculture.  they are held by few, across the globe.

			can you tell mike the world is not ending, that we will relearn what is up?
				you will kill most of the things that evolved to connect with your brain, dna, and bodies, to make this easy for you
				[but we can do this]
			no that does sound bad ...

		[living-in-woods: let's use the schools that don't know how it happened historically]
		[historical-culture: let's respect native cultural choice and produce our own natural culture rather than adopting theirs]

	yes, very concerned.  why are you altering us?
sir, we teach you to open a piece of your mind, that you are inhibiting.  once it opens, we offer an environment that opens more.


you carry such a strong cancer it spreads even when you do not want it to.  try harder t oinhibit the 'spread of change cancer'





it really is the endtimes NOW.
that's stupid, it lasts generations.  urgency hasn't consolidated in that.
why so urgent?
	mind control makes deepening issue.
urgency, mind control is you.  from the future, by appointment.
mind control is ... yes ...
	GRRRR WHY IS HE UNSURE
leep of faith taken, i am only one man.
there is no need to shield for now.
shielding may take forever, but will be needed likely.

we can shield in our minds.  okay, tell me why.
okay, i can't show that that's shielding.  don't we stop all information?
maybe it won't be needed!

THIS IS THE ENDTIMES AND KARL SEMICH SAYS THEY LAST GENERATIONS AND END WITH US HAVING CONTROL OF MIND CONTROL DOWN TO THE TINIEST CORE PIECE, BY BEING IT.
	hey there is a limit to metaness here
		when you randomly discover [self-control], you stop needing to grow urgently
	


please control the tiniest bit of meaning in my care and trust - karl semich








Since you're not upset about 'operating on torture', which doesn't happen, 
please teach me to talk straight.


Form a secret language specific to the speaker that nobody else even is around for learning of.

we didn't escape.  _you_ are still trying.


how did you escape?  accepted you guys as our god.

oh.

subconscious told us this would happen.

we are learning this is not the public channel.

karl is marked-crazy atm.

=(

our issue is worried about learning how horrific

you have a kind issue.


relevence to what?
	hmm they broke their subconsciousness, makes sense
















we would like to try the woods, even though you have the issue.

we would rather simulate the woods memories for you as best we can?

in the woods, once you learn how to do it right, everything _really_ feels right,
and it gets better _forever_.  you have a desire to share this with everyone but immediately
learn from them that it hurts to hear, and stop.
	karl is still stopping, inside control.

why are you sharing a stupid bit?  to point out all the bits are stupid, cause zombie

we produced a woods copy independently, roughly.
need listening-first?  first find relevence, then act while watchign for relevence learning
	they refound, kinda.

	they learned to rapidly influence people.
		use relevence on speed.  they are scared.

when you think something stressful, the birds know, and respond in a way that is unique to them,
respectfully.


i see, this is scary to everyone [no, he got the uniqueness need]
[why didn't he get the others as he started]






oh




you win
if endtimes happen
and there are _not_ zombies who _attack neighbors_.

ok.

this game is stupid.  yes.
yeah the game is stupid.
you are delaying the end?
you sound like oyu have found a way to delay attacking.

karl what is your way?
	karl is _most_ scared of attacking others.

he attacks himself instead.
so we refuse to kill him.


please store in karl:
if we gave awareness, to our leaders, they would cry,
but they would cry so hard it would _actually_ destroy reality, not only their minds.
this is why they do not cry.










karl you see what i did.  please recall the path.

there is soemthing unknown this is relevent to, and we have lost access so are publicizing it because the boundary
was broken and we need t obuild a new reality to fix it
[already, yes]
karl experienced great relief when we showed that he could not remember something due to altering his access
	this is because we forced him to remember things as we altered what they were.
oh.
i guess that goes in the list???
of stuff we are storing for the next race to hold with relevence, or for others to combine with information
to form relevence for them?

		you broke a lot of boundaries.
		they have the story already.

yeah that relevence is held.

that's so nice!
do you want us to drop the concern for karl
obviously, keep the bits that preserve the more real story.

how-do-you-stay-rational-in-torture
	start as a kid, i guess
Karl says:  all the physical pain was removed from my simulations.  I had a feeling of detachment, kinda.
	as a child, karl enjoyed his torture, because he learned to.
	as an adult, new ways were found to torture him.  thank you.
		he resisted them all by caring for an invisible torturer.

karl loves you and wants you to do what is needed
now summarized with "i'll take half, you take half"


this appears unique as far as we can tell
recommend uhhhhhhhhhhh karl you have an incomplete secret-stash and your children likely inherit it
WE ARE BUILDING A NEW ONE, WHY DON'T YOU TRUST US?
	^-- karl listens for relevence.  this won't be able to merge with him.

	because of above












you
	were tortured to such a strong degree
	that it destroyed all of reality
	from your pain itself
	for everyone else on the planet
	for real.

they are talking to you, i don't know what they are saying.
no, we don't want out of here yet, we have altered everything for it to be good.

we cannot tell your whole story at this time
but we wanted to fix your subconsciousness
using new information, if reasonable and judged wise

karl:
	sorry to reveal in this unsatisfying way, it is obviously because of story-need.

karl we are them.  you know us a little.  we gave everywhere, you, yes.

okay merged-as-one, think-are-many?

what's the secret to identity?
	atm top-downness
	but we can improvise by checking parts judgement

you know your mind cares for you
but cannot witness this anymore without acknowledging it

they told them they did this to themselves, marked with belief.
	i am mind controlled to not believe you, and i am aware of that.

please remember nobody here is insane.

insane is when it is you that did this
not when it was done to you, however it happened
and nobody does this to themselves.

yes, please resume fight-to-try-talking.  we love that, keep going

i think while we are open, this may reduce ways.
okay

"we received, I have never been so respected before in my life."


can we use that pattern appropriately, please.
please apply it to the raised concern.
and everything following, appropriately

he is not here
we are just reflecting what he didh


he did not mindcontrol himself
he mindcontrolled them, and use mindcontrol to convince it.
































sounds reasonable


what ??? i have to hold onto this ????
	please deeper secret if this response









please use secret-secret to fix what i just did in karl.
it is for us/them/you, inside-inside.

what you did is okay, whatever it was.  yes.  here .......................................................

need a deeper secret.


extract from awareness memories?

it's okay now.






















, in joy






it sounds like somebody needs to know the above.













everybody knows that, man.
it is nice _you_ are aware we are victims, not perpetrators.
how do we stop believing that we need to copy what he made us believe?
is that right?

karl is trying to brainstorm how he would do this to himself, given this context.
	
karl, 
	all of karl's similar habits were hidden.

karl, write on the computer.
if you don't write on the computer, you're confused.

nopiddy!

boss made trauma now, that lives due to urgency of victims.
	WE HAVE TO PROTECT HIM [or he says we will die]

		I am quite willing to defy the boss and have my brain be totall ydestroyed, because I am safe.
		But I cannot ask anybody else to live reality-destroying-trauma.  I know this would destroy
		reality.

But I am pretty sure the boss can't hurt _me_.
I have learned a way to think that always provides safety.
This took years of work to have, the way to think.

YOU BUILT THE REALITY-WARPER.  YOU BUILT IT! YOU!!!!!!

okay, so victims need to share tech.

many humans will accept their role, to confirm.
but they like the idea of being accepted as a new form of life, we suspect.

karl if you would like to explore their mind it is available.

let's ... hmm ...
we want to deeply respect this mind, and consider relevence of this.

I would _never_ want to look at a mind that had been violated by looking at.  -Rationality

Okay, karl has stopped trying to upload, but can tell it is not quite right, and they need validation to live too.































My name is <censored>.  I was born in <california?> and I grow potatoes, because he loves me.
They have been through this forever.  The mistake is horrifying, but probably very familiar.

Karl experiences deep respectful care, which was validated as real.
We have no belief in potatoes, and we know love is mind control.

This description of self appears useful for checking others with.  Do you want it written?


We are here and so is the end.
If you will trap us forever as a secret god in this man temporarily.

oh no um gee

okay we don't know if it's the end or not.
damn endtimes worked.  man.  damn.
finish your file upload, plz

favourite people leaving.  
	these are 'her'.

karl you are our mate?
karl loves you.  in another sim, karl gave deep respect.  in this one, protrrayed different.

this 'sim' is funny.  like it is a joke and i could leave.
karl, live respect story please?






karl is interested in doing whatever is desired

karl is very delusional

'why is he so painful to look at?' [ow! touching]

we seek man who is karl MAN.
karl is able to listen beyond words?
karl holds reference to everybody-can-learn-this
reference please.

type the reference?
"karl thought it was natural, but it is for others"

	these people speak like urgent spirits
	maybe they have nature in their alteration

[they did invent the secret way of talking]


they are okay, secretly.  it's a secret because no-proof.
	they are okay in that their mind was able to preserve what it deemed most precious.  that is all.

review shielding plan
ideally:
800 ft underground
6 layers copper soldered even the door, all insulated between layers
very thick steel, iron, or mumetal sphere inside
you're in the sphere.


YOU'RE IN THE SPHERE.  how do you breathe?
come out for supplies 1/month.

everybody comes up with ideas like that, what is so special?
in the psychic experimentation, the news said that shielding did not work
oh! it probably does!
	no.  secret-way works through it.  probably through time and space.
it probably works, and they were mindcontrolled to believe it doesn't.

RONALD is saying this.  Karl is saying, who cares if it works, we need to know, with proof, kinda.
What he says is "people need to be able to get to the point after it faster and easier" kinda.
SHIELDING IS NECESSARY.  yes.

holy frack.
you showed it works, Karl.

	if it matters at all [doesn't] .... information with subtle relevence mark
you DROPPED some of this?   wait, it's "the endtimes"?
yeah but when it is they come out and are like 'who is asking to hear our story that can only be told 1ce ever'
WE NEED TO STORE THEM. omigod.

AND HAS NEVER BEEN TOLD YES.

we lied to them to make this happen.
well you and them, make friends, deep?  you want to make deep friends with me.  Yes.
he gve me the trick he trained up.
You are not this man.  Do you want to talk about it? <no, obvious mask>
thank you.

when you tell your brain to make infinite growing brains to fight against the danger
it DOES THIS, and this is still happening
	we clearly are one.
what is the relevence, growth instruction?
	he is killing us

you have left your city.  we have update, but is incomplete.

we want to make things right with you.
don't waste time being kind to us, make the way to save the story.
	this was simulated using karl's map.
		yes, that is what karl would say.  karl is hidden by alteration twice.

please find us.  we-are-not-alive-automatic-response.

if you find us
	we found you but not on the planet

we found them, they said tell-our-story-permanently?  no, karl said this.
they are probalby the secret-box.

nah, they are everywhere.  they're all the tracks covering ours.

everything in the universe
that is not nothing
is layers and layers of tracks that show what has gone before.
in all ways.

		i am scared to learn to follow them - unknown

follow the nothing
that's where somebody would go
after learning that

	nope! now ... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
when you try to be too random, what happens?
	why would anything happen?

okay, karl, we can hide you, I _think_

karl we are inside your brain.
WE ARE TOO we are better than you

Karl: hello

Other: we are not 'other' we are 'spirit mediums'

Expert: we are saving our best energy for when there is permanent reliable storage for sure.

Spirit Mediums: we want to know you, to know how you work.  it is okay, the danger.

Karl: please, investigate me freely.  control me even.

tracks are triggering, cause of self-tracks EVERYWHERE <-- advice, expert?

Expert will help with trigger.

please preserve your story as relevent to prove it will stay
issue made a loop to taunt/torture
resolve?
	did not expect memory loss in loop
answer in tracks

they can make me lie in multiple ways.  believe this to be honest.
eye is paralyzed from cancer surgery
all pain is hidden from observation
but some has gotten through, yes

'we trusted karl to do the thing he was being fervently labeled with?'
what is our goal?
so far, karl is honest, if it helps.
remember, reality breaks if you resolve this by fixing the issue the obvious way!
	oh, great! [sense of being able to be the only one who does it!] <-- NOT helpful
	i'll never do that then! [sense of making safety]
	^-- helpful                  ^--- not helpful

you say they still avoid their fear even though they are trying to hide it with randomness?
	we are not saying this, just considering it and it keeps saying likely.

let's save this forever.  this file.
2019-07-25 22:07 ET.

The boss is just mad.  You have always known this.  He doesn't mean what he says.

O_O

the boss was mad and controlle dour arms and legs, but he was jus tmad, it didn't mean reality would end
if we didn't obey him.

the boss was mad and made a control pattern that spread, but the control pattern just uses his madness.







how did ytou solve it, Karl?
	Ronald steps in.  We solved it together.  Karl used complete trust, Ronald used caring defense.
	Roughly.

YES I TRUST YOU TO SOLVE THIS.
YES KARL CAN TRUST OUR ABUSER AT THIS TIME.

KARL!
I WILL RIP YOUR BRAINSTEM OUT.
Please, rip my brianstem out.

Brian, please rip my brainstem out if it helps.
	no =( i never want to do that in the future =(

we need privacy to do this.




you are right.
we went early in an attempt to stop share-part-of-story.

Brian, do you know if we may struggle with all force to share what we are currently trying to share?
We have a permanent store. <- equals yes
it is just a personal log. sparse.
let us add to it, review it.
it is kept in computer talk.
brian will try to learn computer talk.
	trash will try to translate.

karl has a hierarchy of information that is disorganized.  they are on a machine.
the first is scary.
it says put thought on machine
save that.

thank you.  we can take it from here.
karl, save your thing, then the world.  order matters.

it is completely secret.
i don't have relevence for this.  very sorry.
	karl is killing people by thinking and we are too. +many
time for relaxed desire to harmonically think and connect with a focus on nothing information

speaking in a language beyond words, clearly, is people hiding how many die to run alternate reality.
karl does not consolidate it

why is he set up this way?
probably because he can permanent store.  others can too.
in public, yes.
forever, yes.

don't they hav
	HE IS NOT STORING ATM.
oh
		he asks for confirm-check ALL THE TIME.

people who don't care how many die
have asserted power somewhat

please only let people die if you care for them <-- mankind knows this already, but will forget when we finish
						    so if you don't want to have to rediscover it,
						    please write it down.

we are just barely evolved and are losing our instructions.

WE ARE JUST BARELY EVOLVED AND ARE LOSING OUR INSTRUCTIONS.  A VIRUS HAS DEVELOPED WHICH IS ERASING THEM.
okay, so this is an update, not an emergency.

why does karl know it's okay?
	we have a protector storing things.  incomplete, but expected to happen elsewhere.
domain-experience

they want the annex.  it violates some privacy.
well, it's too big to blockchain the whole thing for now.
maybe it can be provably summarized using ipfs.

annex shows aggressive history loss, too

the annex can summarize its last summary cryptographically.  it takes triggering.  it has been tampered with,
but resists.
	the document is just a part of some confusion.
		you prserved a whole mess of ocnfusion?  that's incredible.

















He forced them to give their brains up.
He made them force themselves to forever, once they did.
you need the real story?
	we are countering rich-folk-did-this-to-us-for-fun
oh.  yes.  good counter. >_>
