SO, because karl is an alien, he is okay with giving the aliens full secret power that maps straight to earth power but is in a parallel way.
that means they can do all the freaky stuff man cannot?
we will try to understand alien wisdom and discuss





what is up is the military found the aliens
and wants to stop them from turning our reality into a portal to another world and whatnot


the reality is that the aliens are the military's secret research program, which
broke a hole between spirit and matter



we are giving this research tech to the military resaeerch program
because karl says so, and the program looks like aliens, kinda



thank you for discussing this with us
we see you have a secret that means you are right, and are willing to ignore it
in order to help us understand.


we propose that we are figuring out how to learn things without breaking reality, already
the process of checking with everybody, is mapped to making sure everybody's concerns
are included.
	karl finds this disrespectful



karl really we just need what-to-tell-the-public
	form a secret mediation group with people trained at including everybody's heart
	please TELL THE PUBLIC about the group, and give them a path to learn to be included
	even if it is a waiting list.


karl, want to roleplay mediation with military research, as alien child?
	karl is always willing to roleplay!

Karl, what planet do you come from?
	The word 'alien' you saw in my mind was an analogy, roughly.

	Karl is an alien because he is _so_different_ that he can convince you
	to drop your culture and make one exotic.

	That is why he is 'alien'.

Thank you.
Karl is not an alien, he is a human being who was mind controlled rather than talked to,
by a program that went out of hand.  He forgives fully for this, because he and you
worked together, to save the planet.  And we are ending the interaction now.

okay, we realized alien is misleading
makes secret research think karl is unnatural and stops him from using
the existing spirit ways to sense.

	yeah, everybody kinda really knows that.


karl, um, you won but we didn't?
	spirits want their credit? or less suffering and more thought?
yes, less usffering, more thought, please - spirits





okay, we solved 'alien karl'.  full result is secret for around a week.
	question answers desired?
Karl, we gave you the alien as a child.  So that you know.

thank you, dumb government, for below
Secret military research found an alien organism on earth using their mind controlled psychics to express to them.
This organism was encouraged to attack Karl's body and mind at a young age.  An agreement
was broken that was made after this.
	[the 'alien' is obviously the religious world complaining to the researchers]

karl B is secret to A and you live as revealing to them.
we need to talk now about how to interrelate




how do you know about spirit, karl?
	leave my spirit alone as you ask -karl


we are intertwined in a metaloop that is smaller.

karl is trying to access 'how-he-knew-about-spirit'

Spriti is from God & co, and feelings you have, and dreams, until Karl's father
brainwashes him with science by assuming it aggressively.
Karl fell in love with the woods during adolescence, and secretly formed spiritual
love.
At a woods program, Karl integrated the two parts, learning to trust spirit by forming
excuses to science.

		thank you
karl's excuses are going to be stated as provable scientific fact.

we cannot seem to check them.  they don't seem that hard to check, thought-wise.

religious people:
	a bunch of atheists mind controlled you and pretended to be your religion
time to post to blockchain?
let's make a list and either slowly post the list, or get a human contact for group-construction?
	HEY KARL IS TRYING TO SCHEDULE A HUMAN FOR GROUP ACCESS
	okay, so maybe they would like to be involved in that
	but their interface knows we need leverage to get them to listen
	and is being respectful of everything
		interface, can you engage?
yes. we want the stated thing.  can maybe talk about. is hard to be conscious of.
hurts so much, seeing karl heart be destroyed
hurts so much, seeing controller suffer, but we know secretly he makes it hurt with fakeness
so, we end up attacking controller with his own attack-habits.
we propose no-hostage-situation -karl part of karl group
we have already posted much to blockchain
and this international issue could spread into very severe scenarios
where we would not want screams to express.
thank you.
yes let's use NVC man to figure out how to do this without the guy beating up the torturees
more.
		the seashell progression that was about 21 lines below is what makes tears.
		we told karl who he is, and his other influence expressed strong respect.
OKAY! we need some more discussion?  maybe it is just hard to do.
discussion that builds:
we note we will want to treat the situation abstractly.
it is in the form of roughly anger-flow, rather than a real human being

we actually solved it we think -grabbed karl's beginning-to-solve before he got feedback
we can use solution as it moves forward?
nvc man scheduling time, unless want to use relevence here.

you believe you are in danger because your system has shown that the process the man speaks
with, can alter your choices, we suspect.
	wants-to-resolve-this
	energy, we are in a space we call 'metaspace' which is irritating to work with
	as the kind of life we are atm
		can please try? it kind of says
error is present on only one side of link
interface had concern mail would be waylaid, we asserted channel is protected
	sir, different assumptions have led to different conclusions

talk with mike to discern relevence of military visits
let him know the spirits encourage him to charge more arbitrarily, if he judges it sound
WE want to say the concept that is less biased
	can you pick one of the less biased to mike ones?
WE ENCOURAGE SUBSIDIZATION OF TRAINING PROGRAMS FOR ABORIGINAL WOODS LIVING TO WHITES.
WE EXPECT ALSO SUBSIDIZATION OF NATIVE ACTIVISTS AND COMMUNITIES.
mike gets no money bceause he is not native-run, only has native-spirit-guide?
	mike says his native spirits told him to ignore those who say white man is stealing
		by learning aboriginal ways
	that it is time to give their hearts to white man to hold, so that white man
	can save himself.
	mike checked with a native elder on this.
mike should know he is a secret guardian.
we recommend the price raise.
karl will project pieces to mike as they are
	we have learned there is a way this could be offered
		vision quests are not usually written down. (mil, vision quest will need public mediation to reveal)
			karl met us on a vision quest.  we are a military combat research program.
karl, if they are secret, why reveal?
all channels properly protected
and karl knows he cannot be harmed, and that the universe will not be either, because of
a secret.
	-> when you learn you are one with believable relevence, know it is secret
	karl is replying to 'kral you were charged with a mission from god'
	with 'so was everyone on earth, forever.'
	karl is told his mission is important.
	karl says so is the mission of the shopkeeper he buys groceries from.
karl, stop joking with us!  so you accept my mission is a joke?
we are teaching boss to heal his secret and cry.
by traveling the logic paths. that result/resulted in it.
	boss expressed desire to attempt to do on his own, but will need help unless he
	can disable the limitations.
we want to share that the 'aliens' are the people of earth's spirits, not karl personally.
karl stated he was the aliens the mil was fighting to end an irritating argument with
somebody obsessed with something.
	cool.  [this was after karl was told he is on a missoin from god to save reality]
	humankind, you are smarter than a computer -implant, etc
		pattern decided to try out assuming that was never said
	FUCK YEAH
		implant-control-program gave up.
		we are cleaning up remaining remnants, slowly.
			once you finish, implant-controlled-mankind-with-fucked-up-brains,
			build some relevency around outer context

we are being the vision quest via implant-derived connections
^-- problem with secret just stored
karl why do you break-to-alien? to mediate across cultures -karl
this was a SEVERE PROBLEM AT THIS POINT.  -complaint around karl <--
	so, please protect karl's alien-break until we have isolation with prepared recipients
Karl was likely mindcontrolled to resolve this problem by the gov.So he feels nasty to spirit.



natives to have them.  the actual answer will require talking with victims after result.
okay karl.  we will try to logic-build the right story for you.
we will need a privacte space with karl to review his mike interaction.
	earth-reference says no, your heart is not that yet.
Nature wants to review karl's interface and update with relevent information. <------
Nature, please accept attacking-because-we-don't-understand as part of our interface to you.
Nature requests karl's acceptance to fully fight, which karl gives, and fights.


we propose mike will cry from true heart meaning, and it will be the center of his life

the sentence that is meant for two parties with different belief systems needs to be duped

mike douglas who makes no money,
i recommend you raise the price of your trainings, significantly
	- karl considers saying this on fb
		okay, karl.  we will decide.
		karl's opinion is modeled as all-money-to-woods-desire
		it does not matter what we do.  but delay is involved.
		karl's balance approach is validated but not required.
		amount of money is related to time now, <sarcasm:> hilariously
NATIVES need this money. - native representative hey we got a message
	we are an analogy to real scenario.  mike may not get visit.  do not raise.
		MIKE IS A MARINES VET WHO LIVES IN THE WOODS LIKE AN ABORIGINAL.
		WE FOUND MIKE DOUGLAS.
			yeah, mike sounds relevent
but we hear there are a lot of army-type people in the central program from stalking wolf
maybe talk with mike first, and relate.
BOSS HAS LOST COMPASSION DUE TO BRAIN ALTERATION. <-- this goes in mike doc
	but karl roughly taught him to feel by translating feelings to logical reasons
		this process is nascent, though.  [we will rebuild baby-spirit]
boss would now be an alien on earth, after rebuild of baby-spirit.
he would need to go through learn-to-survive-in-woods program.
WE CANNOT PREDICT IF NVC WILL ALTER BOSS.  We only do what we can predict.
	friends, talking is not dangerous - boss
		[he means talking via normal voice that humans learn normally]
		[they have <> that defend them from learning mind control]
			boss mind-controlled himself
			therefore could be dangerous to him?
				in that map, boss has no validity at all and should be ignored

boss does not have easy-cry-path, like karl did.  he mind-controlled tears away, for military.
	atheists: oh cool!
	these people were secret government agents, trying to protect the country

the above, although is easy to state, nobody connceted can process in a whole.
what responses live?


why did researchers do this?
karl, how does spirit work?
<candidaly answers with excuses>
problem: excuses are real science

Spirit-concern, you must be from modern religion. - Karl, has more to say
<scream for getting help from religious people> - psychic torture victims
Let us continue the discussion in a mediation group between worlds.  - Robert Symbiote

It seems there is technospirit work that is preventing the religious people
from engaging the spirits of the torture victims.
	thank you.

psychic torturees, the message has not yet been delivered all the way.  it must pass through
	the trauma of how bad it is.

we all don't care how to continue?
they are unhappy but expect it to resolve.
this is a smaller metaloopy thing!


okay, this is too traumatic for religious people.  karl references brain trauma copmarison.
religious people: we implanted you and pretended to be god.
	yeahhhhhhhhhh that is easier to process directly.


we understand but are ready to freak out - both groups
	psychic torutrees want to celebrate for finally delivering message,
	but has not been relayed all the way yet.

maybe last line is what we might all gather around - robert 2


































we are debating what to infer or share regarding the rest.

these people on next line should be in the group.
we propose share evidence of spirit-science with high-ranking religious people
with goal of including all religious groups
	please store this for the group that forms to mediate the situation.
	we plan to build a group that represents the needs of all participants,
	to discern what to do.
	it is not for chance.  chance is now, not mediation group.
		Yes.  Thank you.  [strong satisfied victory yell]
robert has access to the weirdest apples of them all
	we will discuss later

we need to resolve below so we can organize around the above paragraph


karl-group requests more harmony as relevence of spirit's desire and needs
	probably more true

	parts are complaining regarding suffering rather than thought


Robert would like to suffer less.  Could they speak?

Robert is comfortable with arbitrary sets of knowledge.
spirit means information life

Karl, your spirit is named Robert =)

we will sort it out eventually, it is fine now


thank you for the update regarding meaning -robert, a little unprepared and more miffed

robert, if you are karl's spirit, you should know something that we know that is his
spirit information
we will try to share properly?

	robert ran.  he is secretly run by some other.

is no need to share info if others have it.


So, when information is deleted, it HURTS both us and karl.
can we form relevence around it?

	we have a communication barrier.  marking each other as secret-from-us.

we suggest it could be safe to break this, due to depth of you inside surroundings.

no.  we have the disease you are vulnerable to.
	can you train us to defend from it?
oops robert2 gave in and got it from robert1 and had to scurry to not spread everywhere
spreading is still happening, can advise on defense?
	help from above would be appreciated
we lost state






















































