call #2 with john moran, with bill


gonna ask you some questions as if judge was asking
answer as if in a hearing, okay?

age?
i'm somewhere near 37

...... gotten harder for me to think, usually do subtraction

how far in school?
some college

graduate from highschool?
yes

type of degree?  regular or special ed?
regular degree

when in high school, did you take special classes because of disabilities?
i learned late in high school that i was 'secretly' in disability program

where you in disability program whlie in high school?
yes but i was not informed that i was

[when ask a quesiton, please only ansewr the question asked; don't need to say you weren't informed [something about significance and disability case: do you think it's significant you weren't told?]]
	[it's signifcant for giving accurate ansewrs to the questions]

did you recieve any special services while you were in high school that you are currently aware of?
nobody told me what the nature of the special programs were; once a teacher took me aside to take a test in an accommodated way that was very clear; teachers have done that at other times in ways that were less clear

are you aware now that you were recieving special services when you were in high school?
i have memorized that i have reason to believe that but my belief in it is faltering as you question it

how old were you when you graduated high school?
near 18 years old

while you were in high school, did you recieve any treatment with a mental health professional?
	[i would have appreciated warning that i was ogin got have a lot of questions about my past]
i don't reall yremember.  i remember when i was in grade school that i saw mental health professionals repeatedly.

when you graduated high school, did you go directly to brown or was there ... something or other ... was there a gap period between graduating from high school and going to brown?
no, i went directly to brown; my parents had kind of set me up to go there, specifically

before you went to brown, do you know of any special services were established to help you while you were at brown?
my best reconstruction is that 
i'm sorry saying reconstruction confused me i don't usually say that
but basically i thought, something about, communication raound it and me refusing it

[why[ refuse special assistance?
i was not involved in treatment and needed control of my life

how long were you at brown?
about 3/4 of a year

when you first arrived at brown were you experiencing any symptoms of mental health or autism, that interfered with that experience that you're aware of?
well i took life a little differently from others.  i often remember kind of shocking my parents by staying in my room without eating or bathing for maybe three weeks and losing a lot of weight.

during that period of time do you know why you weren't eating or drinking or bathing?  was there a reason for that in your mind?
there's a lot going on around me righ tnow and i'm a little confused and distracted; that's a quesiton i kind of have to jump through some mental things to answer

i wasn' treally logicing it out; i didn't mind not eating or not bathing, and i wasn't sure about all the people around me outside, in the new environment.  i like to take new environments slowly.

when you were in this new environment, you were assigned a room in a residence hall?
yes

and you were assigned a roommate?
yes [or did you have your own room?]
well let me clarify here:
firs ti went to a short brown summer program, before i graduated high school,
then i went to the degree program proper.
i was alone in the summer program, where i didn't eat much; and i had a roommate in the degree program.

when you started the degree program, did you take a full courseload of 15 or more credits, or a reduced courseload?
i took an extended courseload; i had never sturggled academically in my perceptiosn before.

what was your intention in terms of your study?  what type of degree were you seeking?
brown didn't require anybody to declare that in their first year.  i took a variety of courses in a variety of disciplines.

did you have any particular interests at that period?
well i wnated to learn about the outdoors but threy didn't teach that at brown.  i was excited about a lot of my classes: one in historical occultism, and one in multidimensional calculus.

did you actually physically go to your classes during the first semester?
yes i did

during your first semester at brown did you have friends that you socialized with?
my roommate and some others on the floor would sometimes push me to socialize with them, and i tended to do that

did you complete your first semester at brown?
i believe so

do you know how many credits you recieved after your first semester? did you recieve credit for every class you enrolled in?
i think i did for most of them; one of thme i think i got an incomplete and my parents were involved in sorting that one out.

during that first semester were you having any particular problems with anxiety and depression that you were are of at this point?
[long pause]
well i had described myself as kind of casually and ongoingly sad for some time
i did not tend to identify with clinical descriptions of things because of the kind of surreptitious aspergers perception thing

do you recognise that you suffer from aspergers at this point in time?
kinda, i don't think our descriptions of things have very precise meaning.  notably that words is outmoded in medical circles.

where do you believe that you fall .. how would you best describe what you experience?  if it's not aspergers?
well i'm remembering now that you're a judge or something ...
onb the side, i would have appreciated som epreparation for this conversation so i knew what diagnosis i'm expected to have
	i'm not asking you to give me a right or wrong answer, just what your impression is

well, there are multiple htings going on.  when i was young i was very different, and a lot of things were hard for me that are easy for other people.
nowadays, my experience is tempered or grown by many many things i have lived through over the years, some of them very intense.

when you use the term like different, or things hard for you, those words can mean anything.  when you say when you were younger you were different, what do you mean by, what does different mean?
oh goodness
well i enjoyed totally different things, i was skilled at totally different things, i formed different conclusions for different reasons, i tended not to understand why anybody did anything, and they tended not to understand
why i did anything.  kinda.

at some point while you were at brown, your anxiety and depression, your sense of isolation, grew, and you became severely depressed.  is that fair to say?
[again warning would have been nice.  i have been repeatedly probed around this, prior to my modern psychosis, in an attempt to get me reaccepted to brown after my medical leave.
 i have some delicate feeling-memories, that are hard to keep accurate in hte face of my new psychotic mindscape.]

i just want to have an understanding of what you experienced during that timeperiod.  it doesn' thave to be exact.  a general sense of what a typical day was like for you, during that period.
difficulties you had ofucsing, interacting at all, etc.  a general sense of what it was like for you emotionally towards the end of your stay at brown.
well, things going on for me were more than i knew how ot manage.  i isolated, i did not socialize, somebody smiled at me and it really scared me because i didn't have the capacity to
engage my very weak social coping skills.  i was mostly focused on how to die, and when that didn't seem a thing i was obsessively writing a computer program.

at some point the school or your parents realized that you needed help for your depression/anxiety/social problems, and you actually recieved that assistance?  around about 2003?
my parents and the administration took me out of brown in 2003.  i lived at home with my parents, where they kept close watch on me and denied me anything that could be used to harm myself.
after a year or two, they moved me to a mental health residence program, which i spent another year or two at.

which mental health program was that, where you were a resident?
merry meadow farm, in vermont

while you were at merry meadows farm, did you see a psychiatrist and a therapist on a regular basis?
[i really would have appreciated seeing these questions before hving to ansewr them, because they have to do with my memories, i don't have any notes accessible, and i have to really kinda harm myself internally to
access memories i'm not prepared to access, because of my coping strategies for my psychosis.]

well, a history of your issues is what the judge will go through with you.  going back when you were a senior in high school, up until you turned age 22.
is there any chance to have a list of the questions and continue this on another day?

i can compare a list of questions but they are just biographical questions to have a general idea of what it is you went through.  it's hard to provide if i don't know the answers.
if you want me to i can give you basic questions, but it's just going to be more who/what/where/when 18-22.  december 2001 to december 2005

how would it be if i answered very very slowly?  is that easier for you?
it's fine if you answer slowly.  i'm not trying to time you.  i just want you to give your best recollection of what you experience.  we want the judge to have an understanding as to the symptoms that you experience,
particular to that tim eperiod, that would interfere with work function.

SYMPTOMS YOU EXPERIENCE 18-22 THAT INTERFERE WITH WORK FUNCTION.
	[symptoms causing:]
	-> problems getting along with people
	-> problems staying focused
	-> problems distracting others
	symptoms that interfere with work function

what i'm asking is what you were experiencing after oyu left brown, etc type of treatment you recieved, medications you recieved, improvement you experienced, if you were off medications why you chose not to continue with them,
questions as to whether medicaitons did or did not improve your ability to stay focused, get along with others ... if the medications did not, did you experience any side effects ...
the purpose of the hearing is to determine symptoms of the mental health condition that existed between 2001-2005 that would prevent you from doing any type of work whatsoever in the national economy.
symptoms from mental health that interfere with function.
the judge will basically ask biographical quesitons and ask what you were experiencing during that time period.
what symptoms were you experiencing that interfered with your ability to perform those functions.
were you off the treatment?  did you get treatment?  did the treatment help?  what were you experiencing?  did you get worse during that time period?  what is your current status?

...
you were experiencing symptoms related to depression and anxiety, not just aspergers, right?  .... did you try medications and made you feel worse?
if you don't remember just say i don't remember {ignored idea of time; isn't used to spending time to remember}
suicidal thought, i would classify that as suggesting depression; do you recall any doctors suggesting to you [got a phone call]

....
[my situation those years was drs had diagnosed, prescribed, but i actually wanted to die, so i wasn't interested in any of that]

what was your day like at merry meadow? what did you do while you were there?

[read catatonic in records]
	[do you have recollection other than read in records?]

yes now you ask that again i am remember a lot more.
i remember i mostly woke only at night because i didn't like being around all the people.
i tried to sleep through every day.

how long were you there? do you know?
ummm yeah i think i mentioned before, it was about a year or two

when you left merry meadow, had your condition changed at all?  when you went in to left?
well, at the time i didn't see it as a condition, just a preference to die for a while

when you left did you still have a preference to die or had that passed?
i see you kinda translating that preference into a condition; which i guess it is classified as;  i'm a little confused i was kinda introducing a though tearlier

ummm

the literal misleading answer is that i did not have that preference to die; i had given up on dieing.
i'm a little confused

i know you're trying very hard to answer these questions correctly.  just answer the best you can; you don't have to feel like the judge is looking for some type of perfect answer or will evaluate your question
looking for errors at the question; there's no right or wrong answer, as long as you're being honest, if you're not sure of something it's fine to say you're not sure.  if it's hard for you to articulate what it
is that you experienced, it's fine to say you're having difficulty, or articulating in such a way that you think i sacceptable.  please do your best to honestly respond.  if the honest response is i don't remember,
that's fine, you're not supposed to be interpreting your medical records: the system is asking you to explain, if you believe so, why it is you'd be unable to work a full time job.
the records speak for themselves.  your diagnosis, whether it's right or wrong, is reflected in hte records.  even on a daily, weekly basis.  i'm just asking what your personal experience was during that time.
help the judge understand what it's like for you and why it is you can't work.  you seem to kind of feel like it's your job to explain what's in the records; it's not: just your experience, as best you can.
if your memory won't allow it, or you can't follow the questions for various legitimate reasons such as lack of preparation, just respond with those answers.  i want the record to speak for itself.
do want to make sure understood: whether or not we have a good chronology as to your treatment history, and understand what is going on with you now emotionally compared to what is going on then.
you've never worked a full-time competitive job.  you have 1 job wher you contributred to the system from social security perception: $3600 while you stayed at merry meadow.

you have difficulty at times dealing with the social need to bathe on a regular basis; sometimes .... interact with other people ... difficult for you, misunderstood by other people
these are things that interfere with work function.
your ability to be focused enough to get up on a schedule every morning, and travel to a place and respond appropriately to direction and supervision ...
difficulties you experienced from that is one of the things that the judges are going to try to determine, but it's in the record.
all you have to do is be honest about it as best you can.  if the honest answer is i don't know or i'm having trouble following the quesiton, that's the response.  do you understand thaT?

you've said far more htings than i have capacity to remmber and combine quickly here.
i want to relate that people say things for reasons.  one of them is to be honest and accurate.  i can come up with some honest, accurate, things, but it take sme not only time but also a kind of dance, to do so.
i can partly remember things, and you often ask for these kind of general senses, i think; but i may have partial informatoin that is dishonest if not more fully completed.

... one of the big concerns is that most of my issues now are from the rough thing that started for me in the middle of the last decade, not from my childhood; but these experiences certainly trended from my differences as a child

jm: if you could write it out as best you can, and send it to me, that would be great
send me your history ....... are,were ... that you recognise.  this way you could be prepared for my questions.

i want you to write me a history, and then i will talk to you from the history, so it's in front of both of us.






will talk with john tomorrow
try to send him at least an outline, what you have when you can.
if it's not completed tomorrow, that's fine.  i will speak to you tomorrow afternoon, probably around 3pm.  [has appointments 4-6:30]
send me what you can, and i'll talk to you tomorrow 3-4
jmoran@binderlawfirm.com







The judge or somesuch at a hearing will ask us for some of our wellnessy history between the ages of 18 and 22; december 2001 to december 2005.  this is the end of high school through merry meadow farm, or near, I guess.
we're looking for symptoms I experienced that interfere with ability to work a productive job as an adult.  he mentions problems getting along wit hpeople, staying focused, or distracting others.
questions in addition to such symptoms might include medication situations, mental health treatment, doctors' diagnosis: to see what worked or didn't work.
he's just looking for honest answers during that time range, on those topics.
additionally, there will be focus on comparison to now, how things are nowadays.

we altered one of karl's memories by accident ['to make him more normal']
we are sorry.
let's take a break and recoup.
additionally, there will be focus on comparison to now, how things are nowadays.
