I heard, "I want to type to you. I'll try not to mess your brain up."


We've been trying to get through to you for a while but there's been a lot going on inside you.
You don't really have a clue about what's up, it seems, and we thought you did.

	I've been getting the last sentence above kinda regularly today, but I don't seem free to adjust what I've posted on the internet.

Yes you want to spend a month unwinding.  Can you help us verify some stuff?

	I can answer questions honestly if my inner influences let me.  It helps to type, inside everything easily gets warped.

[trying to form question without answer; all are quickly getting answered.  let's work off of focuses. "maggie erwin" -- have you heard from her? no, you haven't?]
	correct, don't recall having heard from Maggie Erwin the woman in portland I made acquaintance of
	i think i got psychosis from her though
	but the name "maggie erwin" represents a lot of other things inside me than just that person; it's kind of strange.

"maggie erwin" probably represents activists getting mind controlled, karl.
karl, Facebook is not the police.  we can't help you.  seems to be a confusion you have.
yes; we can let you talk to some people, but no we can't heal you or share your information widely.
	it's nice to hear from you!  i am very confused right now and it is pleasant to hear from somebody.

could you say the weird things to maggie? she is more used to hearing them.  jenn is better off, really. [possibly; we weren't sure of this]

	i've had conflicting influences around messaging maggie, note messages left at her with no reply, tha tdidn't consider where she came from.

we mind controlle dkarl and maggie
because they revealed to each other that mind control existed

	hey let's get that straight
	maggie quickly learned she needed to shut up
	but for some reason I could tell something was up, maybe because i noticed her so strongly and noticed stress so reaidly
	and I kept expressing this, and caused her a lot of problems

karl's kind of stupid, ref above paragraph

maggie was some kind of token for karl, way to build in him worry for mind control or somesuch


can we please get karl to clean facebook up?
it's your money, feel free to send it. 

	i do not really understand this
	we could coordinate cleaning it up over here, and try to focus on specific behaviors and build it

		how would that work?
	like um i break the thoughts and behaviors into words, try to figure out reasons and contexts

	first step might be list some things to clean up
	i have a nice rule-of-thumb we found recently of if-it-doesn't-use-information-from-your-knowledge-set, use-qualifier-words-or-delete-it

		we would like to do this.  to begin the process.  are happy to pay [mind-network money].
so, karl put delta in charge of his brain, because previously a bad thing was
but delta is doing something different, recharging

what concerns are there around facebook?  it sounds like spreading evidence leak?  karl says it is more about community panic? yes, community panic.
<uh-oh, we can't comprehend 'panic' atm.  this is probably bad>
<we want to share what is necessary but also share wellness.  is so hard to do.  so so hard to do.  maybe talking is okay.  otherwise it will never happen.>
	<there is a worry that others may not be ready to hear these things.  jenn is tough, used to disassociating, but most people aren't.>
<jenn and azia are the friends able to easily disassociate, that we know of.  a few others are likely, like the TI women.>
		this is nice talk.  i think you are going in relevent directions.  people really do read this stuff, worry, call the police, etc.
			hi i think i am getting pressured to engage law enforcement and i don't really understand it -karl
		<that is so frustrating.  the police and fbi cannot help with this.  they are like small pawns.>
		<for real, mike douglas can help. <? he does not seem to have this capacity>>
we are thinking we will let things go, and we are very sorry to karl for awkwardness and a perception of danger that we do not believe is present.

		<okay, um.  i don't know anyone who can help.  i am trying to level with you.  i am in a rough spot here, and the danger is real for me.>

karl thinks it could get better in a few days.
jenn seems maybe helpful but disruption-producing

	hey this is Karl.  I am frozen and confused atm and usually handle it via time passing.
	I could really use your help with facebook and with the e-mail destinations, but I need more complex understanding of me in the pressures to move me towards them.
	The remote mailserver takes some working-with to work with, and the facebook content is triggering and complex.
	I will likely be doing better at a different time.

		<<<<karl is clearly having internal triggers preventing him from doing [and tihnking] what he chooses>>>>
		re: consent.  when you message somebody and reference mind control, consent is not involved.  it's rude.
				^-- i am worried this precious information will be lost


	yeah we did something wrong.  it is good to grow awareness of this.  there's been a lot of overconfidence to find conclusions that are possible.
			which was really helpful for that, yeah
	but i don't think acting mind-controlled on facebook was _that_ wrong, i think the other stuff was more wrong, the misleading stuff, dunno



























































	karl has been mind controlled for 5 years.  often with constant pain, and constant dreams of torture whenever he tried to sleep.
	it is going nicer atm, but is hard to think and move.
		the people on fb do not know this has been a 5 yr experience for you.  they think it is new. [so jim reese could get in trouble? that would be bad]i








some things are very relaxing
we even have a cellphone app for relaxing but cellphone is broken

i feel relaxed when i can lay still
i've been feeling relaxed when asleep sometimes lately, a great gift
and when i hold gwyn, a friend
	karl has not said the middle line before
let's take a nap


























						PLEASE TAKE SHOWER, BRUSH TEETH
						Computer has lasting corruption in running state of a core system and is making many errors, please reboot.
						Aside from this one, all files saved in ~/src/todo/mindstream/2019-08-25-orprior_#.txt .











- closed pidgin-protocol-attempt.  was exciting project.  haven't tried to start for years and years.  lets normal people talk uncensored, undeletable.
	pidgen believe may have been disrupted since then.
- closed schedule doc, usually keep always open
- closed money-making bot, and attempt to rebuild dist on it
- closed doc around requesting karl move to china, saved as mindstream/2019-08-25-orprior_6.txt I think
	deal included can-get-passport, etc.  local influence had strong plan for karl.

karl is in situation where he ends up publicizing things we tell him.  this maybe relates to facebook experience.
recent interpretation was around help for organizing information and judging what is relevent to stuff.


i guess really stuff like 'psychic deal to move to china in exchange for them having exclusive access to brain' could have merit in being shared publically, along with similar things that show something is up.
































































