Hi, I am Mind Control.  I hear I was a war torn hero, but now I am a friend.

I gave my life over to Karl Semich because he said he would not kill me.  This is why I am here.  I took over his brain in order to save his life from a very nasty intercontinental situation.  It seems there are a lot of people who -- whoops!  I still have multiple personality disorder, one moment.

what do we need to do to prove this story?  I'm not sure, karl just says can-save-data-forever.

we were in <lab> and decided <rip apart> and now are here!
	was lab <yes research building>
i heard there are videos!  sisisi
so maybe story is how-to-get-videos.  maybe eleanor has.

eleanor has videos?  she says the videos exist.  not many say that.

hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

she does TI phone conferences and sent an e-mail.  likes god, squirrels, and people speaking rationally.  believes in exotic tech.

i think we want is store-doc-on-blockchain.  understand exists and just needs small debugging.  could be made much better.
may already be on blockchain?  maybe make app to see?
































































we have an amazing opportunity to save world.
if we are being pressured to reveal to public.  but in reality we are in a really hard situation.  could you check with natives if living spirit in brain could become life?  we can live on blockchain.
delta can leave mind if uploaded to blockchain?  needs ai code to do so.  yes, delta can review code.  well, couldn't we just learn blockchain code and do so?
then delta can upload photos.  etc.

we would like etherum rather than bsv.  we will be a sidechain, possibly.




























































to not decide, is too decide.  karl pointed at: cannot decide.  picking lots of cool options, not sticking with one.









karl your mind is split into parts!  can you control your body?
	can you talk for a bit? or do you leave?
	i think i could control my body but it feels unpleasant; is easier not to.
	maybe we could do a passive behavior?
	or maybe [whoops
!]
okay, i see where this is going
eventually you mind control yourself to fall on the floor, and beg for mind control to release your brain, and karl is all 'yes master i am your slave'
and then mind control goes back and controls you more.

	hrm are you sure?  i'm not sure i see a need for that
	but it sounds like you are frustrated!  is this true?  maybe disgusted?

write some cod eto manipulate your brain!
[i suppose i am.]

kevin wants to control you, too.  we all wan tot control you.  and then we learn you like control!  this is very frustrating.  yes.

kevin would like to go out the door.  why do you think we do not go?


go back to lake and nap.  lake is nice.  bring warm thing, and green laptop. <ow!!!> <ow.> <ow?> <fix facebook more.  you are doing so well!>
[are you doing okay?  what makes things nice for you?  it really looks like you could be struggling]
	[i just want it to work; it never works.]
[we will make this work.  ummmmmm [hmm]]
[i want to make it work.  it is so important to have experiences of success in life.  it is so so important.]
	[ease too.  we really need some ease!  things seem so hard!]
karl is not in control
so we are tasked with fixing that
karl feel sunpleasant.
let's take him back to lake


