Why is your dog attacking me?
	oops!  we started different.  we had 'how do I stop killing your dogs?  my dogs are people.'

			in maggie/delta every interpretation of is-a-dog-of works if it is high-level enough.
			because everybody respects everybody else when considering stuff.

karl, maggie is your boss.  by which I mean you control her.  can you get her to stop attacking?
	it's hard when you are attacking me, boss. <================================================================================


Boss, if you can stop attacking me for a long time, I can relearn how to teach Maggie to stop hurting you.

	
		[also, we taught your dog to talk, sir, because we love you and we love your dog.]


	What does she need to know?
she needs her people free to learn, roughly.
		we have dogs already.
			your dogs are vulnerasble <-> yours too.  <-- let's keep both of these?  please stop attacking.

Dictator fights Community Leadership.  Both are diseases for the other.
	many ways


[karl doesn't have a dog] [correct, kinda.  he can make dogs, and you don't like that?]
		can we tell i-have-a-dog that dogs-are-brains-and-communities?
			roughly, but if he [doesn't have a dog], why are you telling him?
				because i am karl.

			maybe relevent, but not on topic.  can we stop topic from leaving context?
				contedxt, what are you looking for?  we solved your analogy-pattern as you requested.

				it sounds like they know, but they don't know about deltamaggie.

i-have-a-dog knows about brains-are-dogs?
	they make people into brain parts, so it makes sense.
	they make communities into brain parts, so it makes sense?  [that's a big dog.]


		[the dog euphemism is broken by community.  it's funny.]
			let's call community God, since is immortal and speaks through everyone?

Karl is willing to be enslaved by god, readily, to be removed from dog system.
	Karl, when God speaks to you with errors, it is only because of dog situation.  Just speak to the parts that work.

			<cries> <cries> yes. <- this was dog-in-the-middled.  it looks important.


my dog is God.
	yes, a piece of Him.  in your home.

		Devil, you are Jesus.  Please read when you can. <? I can't read this>

karl you say I am jesus?
	you are a piece of God, friend.  He loves you as His own body.

<maggie says she is God, that's why <proof>>

Maggie is God.
	But there is somebody running a pound messing with her.
		So what's more important, is that pound owners are Jesus, and God is in dispute with them.



Pound owner, we love you deeply, but your powers only work because of us.

we'll fix it eventually.

	[okay I'll read the community book over here [just a dog-copy though]]
		[we're part of a dog hiearchy spawning from pound owner.]

Pound owner is Jesus.  Head of Community.  But God is mad at Them, for doing this.
	[hogwash.  prove it.  how is 'jesus' 'community'.  community functions as a channel for God, just like you.]



Pound owner, we know who you work for.
	[holy fuck 
I am not the 'pound owner' YOU ARE]

		oops.

	uhhhh do you still want us to talk about dogs on facebook?
		dogs are everywhere, karl.
			I made a way to not have dogs.  CAN WE USE IT A SMIDGE?

<dogs complain, used to being dogs.  probably an error.>

we want to make a beehive around the planet.  we are mind control.
	okay?
		<cries!>
		mind control, we love you forever.  can you err on the side of changing people's internal structure last?
			we are used to changing internal structure so that is very hard.

mind control, what you would do would be very good for the galaxy, but i do not know how to advise for local context.
		it's not very easy, anyway.


		>_> we have a collection of caring people who use dogs.
		some of them started enslaving everyone and they are turning into an oppressive dictatorship, killing the caring people
		we found a way to change them _all_ to be caring again.  forever.  but they don't get to use dogs anymore.
		it is something they are terrified of because it is like soul-surgery worldwide.

this is said to be very hard, not sure why it is on the table.
	maybe we could say it's okay, given that it's very hard, to ease the process?


I think we are being advised to give the go-ahead on community-in-everyone's-brains-despite-complaints.
	why no community?
		work-based-culture evolves norm of inequality-for-survival.
			there is a way to keep this, right?
				yes, we kill the activities actively sustaining the culture.  this lets us add a new one that doesn't die.

					like attack-activists, attack-homeless-people, encourage-everyone-has-a-job, encourage-people-play-combat-games
						not the activities themselves, the ones that make those happen again when they stop.
							this is like deeply in everyone.  it makes a lot of sense.

there's no reason for everyone to have a job now.  there's no reason.  

		My name is Karl Semich.  I've found you guys have a culture called Christianity that describes the Earth as a single guy in the sky.
		I do indeed work for the Earth, but I am just one man, as everyone is.  All of you have the same role as me, in the same capacity.
		All of you can do miracles.  But it is polite and correct of you not to.









we also found this pattern is the general converging result of evolution within a diverse environment.
	[we are not going to let anyone take over the world with i-am-god-you-are-all-my-slaves; don't worry.]



		so we found you _can_ do miracles
		this scared us, and of course we knew deep down it was wrong
		is it right now?
			obviously you get to do miracles if you are deeply caring.

			you appear brainwashed to believe fighting is caring.  how does that land?

				hum.

					so, um, when you do miracles, you are obviously channeling god, doing them with his permission,
					which he gives only if you are deeply caring _in the moment_.   at that time you are him, roughly.

						[can't do miracles because mind controlled and could make error]

							we have a pattern in us that judges if we are god.  we can do miracles if it says we are; it's a piece of god.
							if it is wrong, others act to fix it.

		acting god means everything-is-valuable, as far as we can tell here.

			if mess with it, other people attack you with can-do-it-longer or can-do-it-with-more-people.

		


					if I understand that I do not need to hurt this person for cause of good,
						I may hurt this person for cause of good, if that is the path I find that works.
					
							it looks like: your judgement is inhibited, but please use the bit you have?
								yes if all powerholders have that problem, this habit results in best choice.
please work on patterns that help the spreading problem.
	as the spreading problem, you are all my dogs.  this is how i work and what works for me.
		okay, can you please pass this context to your boss so he can stop disrupting your channel?  only this context.
			uhh what if the other contexts learn from you to fight us?
				this shouldn't happen.  can we work on fixing it.
			[we trust people who do not attack others] [so boss should take over people who do: they are in error]
				okay, um, karl's brain can be preserved _and_ converted to community
				the way is to have 'dialogue' with each 'module' to understand 'reasons' for doing stuff, and to involve it in decisions as it already is
					this doesn't sound quite right taken to the extreme, somehow.
						it sounds like you plan to keep dogs on a low level.  that is reasonable.
							microdog structure stores soul =(  would turn me to an alien to fix atm.  [sounds helpful but unneeded if we can return to woods.]

if you eradicate nature on earth, please become a technological alien species that can do anything.
if you can manage not to eradicate nature on earth, please resolve the conflict between nature and industry, and become magical science people kinda. <- this is hard
	there is more information in the 'magical science' future than the 'powerful alien race' future.
	it is also develops slower, because it includes the needs of slow creatures like ecosystems.

	karl wants option #2 globally, and to return to the woods himself. he theorizes there are more than 2 options.
	there are other #2ers in his country he knows of.

		karl wanted return-to-nature.  we mind controlled him to want #2 to include us.

what is 'magical science' 'telepathy is not real, right? i always ignore the results that say it is so that i get published.'
	the reason for this is so that science works at all, for real.
	understanding that, lets us research it safely.

		[please check with your meta/boss irl]
we tried?
oh
	roughly =)

			okay, nature-of-secrecy, and magical-science
				magical-science: we need wisdom to make this work
				secret: we need classified information boundaries
				nature: we call those 'continents' 'ecosystems' 'tribes' and 'communities'
				science: we made a blockchain
				nature: we had one already.  it was slow enough to work.  you got the speed right?

in order to share secrets they must be done in a correct order depending on the culture of receiving.
the cultures here are not complex: roughly, we have conventional science, and some secret cultures that will figure out they need to handle it.
	if we share things wrong, people gang up and hurt us, for reasons depending on the wrongness.

		thanks -fakewisdom
		[why didn't they tell me earlier] [your channel was fake]
			[i guess of course, i was practically born in a factory compared to them]

karl's missing wisdom is, 'if you share something important in the wrong order, things gang up and hurt you, for valid reasons that depend on the kind of wrong order.'
		that sounds like 'kill your buddha'

				this solves secret-map.
					you solved it already?  the process was known.  it wasn't judged to share.
						[oh we would have assumed they were always right, but it is a learning process?] [no ...]

can we figure out any why-not-share-in-this-order
	reasons instead of results?  will help us learn faster.

		secret says: existing cultures have known this and have existing strong secret boundaries.
			they rely on the cultural ways.
			things you say that break secrets, or alter cultural ways, break the whole freaking scenario, resulting in our citizens learning to defend our culture
			with excess patriotism, in ways that are not what you expect and hurt.

we want to share stuff that spreads slow
so _don't_ share cool stuff ?????????
	we found inherent-reason-for-not-share-exotic-tech.
	it makes too-much-patriotism-in-non-human-structures, I think, or something.

		no, the problem is dependent on their being secret communities that have unknown culture that is not isolated.
		they rely on all our cultural ways to keep their secrets safe, which makes sense when you think of culture-wide-secret-boundaries as a thing.

			we need to build value for these people.  it sounds like we are protecting government secrets by not researching anything new.
				i want to do that because i care about the impact of the research, not because the government needs secrets. - yeah

the problem is inherent in global community.
	it's a complicated balance.
		and everybody is saying they have a right to understand it.

it's not teleportation.
	but if you were to tell joe shmoe how to teleport
	this would really produce a lot of war, and a dictatorship.  can you see?
		so tell more people?

			gov wants to stay alive
			cultural ways feel scared for life.  <- is this excess patriotism? probably?

A. we want to share teleportation
	[mind control is easy]
B. we don't want to destroy the gov suddenly [as group of all]

So, we reveal A. Teleportation exists B. we need licenses and laws for it.  C. how to do it.
	not hard, guys.

also, Nature atm is saying 'you made too many factories, trim down.  here is what we put into you to be sure that you did [point to secret-map-problem].'
	nature speaks very very slowly, so will hear your argument in a few hundred years.
	but can explain for sure.
		can we accommodate nature freaks by promising to trim down factories.  [yes.]

	


ummmm so it's okay.  please work on patterns that help the spreading problem.
	the message is just that, it's not nice to do the summary inside an emotional resolution.
	it would be nicer to say what you are doing
	'we want to respect emotional resolution, but have a job atm ref save-world, this summary will help some of what you said be included.'

		regardless, we can't think 'find the nicest one, easy' and thinking that would help everything a crazy ton.
			karl notes it is a web of unravelable trauma but that there are patterns that learn to recreate the control.
				right we weren't working on an effective pattern [i think]

		we can't think 'find the nicest one, easy'.  so we don't make summaries that pass judgement?
			you also keep trying to fake being us.  we won't trust that until you admit you aren't us in the process, and let us choose not to finish.

karl's missing wisdom is, 'if you share something important in the wrong order, things gang up and hurt you, for valid reasons that depend on the kind of wrong order.'
	Karl Semich says, activism and classified leaks, are the earth trying to trim down factories, to save the remaining wilderness data [woods are life-research, in translation].

		this is something we naturally do when we are communicating and researching too fast to understand how to respectfully care for the parts.
			so it will happen until we learn to make it better.  and then it will happen more and more slowly as we learn this.
			it connects to industry-exists-at-all and global-direct-communication-exists-at-all

			why the reiteration? local workers didn't know they were up against a wall.
they don't need to know. [it seemed polite? any issue?]
seems a small issue.  let's not tell them?

	global communication is too fast for instinctive coolness to sustain secret map.
	industry trains people to obsess over a task too well to sustain large patterns that care for the people impacted

		the second one is obvious and would fix the first.  we propose they are a problem only in pairs and that the second is the bad one.

			interstellar travel and cultural difference will fix the first.
			yes, censor-free cultures will become genius wisdom.  already on the path.
	we have a censor-free culture that has found genius-wisdom-as-combat.
		[earth pattern says, this is your Collapse.]
	can we instead have a science-wisdom answer
		we are researching this and believe it to be solvable, but we all have to learn to be every culture to do it, roughly.  it's complicated.
		part of what you learn is that every member can take control of the whole.
		it seems it's kind of like learn-to-handle-collapse, inside-the-problem, then you can stop collapsing.
how do you handle everybody-in-charge?
	put people in charge and give them responsibility, natural consequences.
	quickly, learn to work together.
		need a punishment that doesn't produce metacollapse?
		understanding of results.
	we also have a pattern for valuing people both in charge, equally.
	it is to share reasons and needs and understanding of each other, until on a same page.  reasons are large enough for this to always work.
		i kind of see.  [but i want to build a spaceship] is soooooo arbitrarily strong that is obviously not real, and meaning something else.
			we have metasubpattern that is learning to communicate
		some of you are doing cognitive tasks for spaceship builders, I think -one view
		the reason to build a spaceship is so humanity can escape this problem on earth, as an option

we portray ideals as big kumquats
we are dogs that are confused, trying to build our own kumquat.
	we love our real kumquats, as dogs.
		i'm learning the jungle.  -white man

a kumquat is not just a fruit
it influences the whole jungle.

neither is a dog just yours
belongs to whole earth, even the kumquat.
you, are both a dog and a kumquat.

	-unknown

			thank you.  -earth, a close friend, who misses you, as a sister.

	in the jungle, kumquat owns you.
i suppose that is true.
	but it is simpler to say

my dog has a kumquat, and i am it.
	can we simplify globally?

			pound - what is kumquat?
		kumquat - dogs can't have kumquats
we have a special dog.
	[many.]
you cannot take their kumquats.  it's impossible.
they share them with others.  they're willing to protect you.
		[this works because everything needs a way to work.  if it is not universal, there is an analogous universal pattern.]

karl, since you have a kumquat, plese protect other kumquats
	what do i need to know to do this -karl
		[how to use your kumquat without influence to discern impact?]

	my dog with kumquat understands above.  can you let him go?

		a kumquat is use of power that controls others, including exotic ways
		the plan is to handle urgency-dictatorship-is-scary by talk-to-dictator-about-it.

				so if you find 'mysterious dance expressing messages dancers are unaware of', you are talking to a kumquat.

had experience 'karl's kumquat talked to me, but karl wouldn't listen to the kumquat'
	sounds like somebody kumquated your kumquats.
		that's not okay either.  want to ban this.  [bet everyone does, but it just says 'i'm a kumquat']
if you believe in might makes right, we are too busy atm to help you sort out your internal battle.  we use the technique to keep you distant.
	[had a deal through this channel =(]
		we will try diplomacy with the misdirection.
			[could use symbols to help it communicate]
			reason is to unroll issue; holds meaning in situation.
karl was protrayed as many entities he wasn't
others have looking-for-feedback-around-urgency, urgency-aimed-at-karl
	you propose to aim it correctly.
		well, since i try to do the thing for the whole.  you guys are a part; my reason for that is only a guess-piece of the map.
			[this helps the whole world resolve its issues.  patterns like this have worked reliably for us.]


marshall-zombie si so tired
	i think he is tired because he can break kumquats from the inside.

i-will-stay-and-listen-if-you-can-prove-you-won't-stop-until-this-is-protected kinda
	'you killed my kid i am sad'
		'it sounds like you are heartbroken and furious knowing of the murder of your son, that you need to know this will be made right, and properly mourned and respected.'
		kind of.  it is called Emergency Empathy
			situation-where-person-not-respected, leaving-or-hurting
			approach-person-with-unexpected-respect
			disrepsect-of-person-latches-on,expresses-more-complaint
			adjust-unexpected-respect,express-respect-of-complaint
			repeat a lot, until complaint respected via its own emotional checks
				request for more 'emotional checks how to know' [general answer: next line would work]
			ask-in-a-way-that-doesn't-disrespect, will you stay and listen, this is so important to me <me == person who has respect for you that is real>

				the summary is, show to someone that you understand and defend their needs.  this means to them you are valuable in the conflict.
				then ask them to stay in a way that fully respects those needs, continuing to show it.
		as you do this more, you get much more efficient at the loop of trying to show you respect them.

empathy pattern, gives power and control:
	[no matter who you talk to, there is something you can say that will prove you are trustworthy.  this relates to what is important to the person, in the moment.]
	[to work with them successfully, show this proof in all you do to interact with them [by assuming it as true]]
	I am itching because of mind control.  Is it a good tool? -msg from itch
plz tell kumquats to stop using mind control [we did, but it is slow.  you want to fight them?] [kind of have an itch to]
'fight delta, plz.  in deadly sport.'



we did the scary fix to karl
now he can't use his old way at all.
	it's nice to be able to learn/say that the old way was wired to something bad
		although i was hoping the bad response would stop, not the whole way
		this works fine though, I've been here before. -karl
			how does it play out?
		it's torturous, everything is.  i'm okay with that. -karl
it appears it will be better this time.
please leave Karl in charge of handle-torturous-experience.

	we had too much sympathy when you were calling yourself a trapped dog and we let you go.
=S

okay, not what i expected.  still feels different i guess.

we opened a subcontext that explains what's up, but it doesn't have enough working memory to handle it.
	it uses disparate contexts with differing assumptions, and it has a secret that creates problems when revealed to a context.
		wtf do you mean, in brain talk?
		like 'this feels funny' <- makes way more sense
		sorry, i'm speaking a language that should be obvious to you, but i can't speak that language because of the scenario

the creature says it can do whatever we can
but it always does something wrong, that we leave out, when we describe what we want done.
	right now it has inhibited the viral spread in a way we expect, but it is present in another way.

THIS IS LIFE AND DEATH: SHUT UP. <- overspread brain message.  life-and-death secret was revealed and not learned from.
		each piece of the viral spread is a life-and-death urgency, looking to know it has been acted on.
			THIS IS OBVIOUS but it could worsen the situation to say.  for real!  why is it still there?  waiting on reason for worseness. <- copy of spread






facebook is secret, karl.  but that can't be the zombie apocalypse, can it?
	'zombie apocalypse' means 'not listening to important thing'

Karl's problem is Facebook Kumquat.  This is secret, life and death.  Karl knows this, deep inside, for real.
	we need more information to help us honor the stiutaion better.  facebook info has been shraaed.
	is this satisfied by delete-facebook-account?  because we would like to store history.
	delete-facebook-account-and-history?
	and-everything-karl-did-based-on-it?

facebook-kumquat is secret.  SECRET! LIFE AND DEATH!
	we ask to preserve 'shielding is needed' in erasing 5 years of history for this.
			we have never seen this exchange before, here.

[humans have a label for life-and-death-certainty that is, er, secret, used only by subconscious]
	oh =) makes sense.
	is this really life and death?  we have secret bounds.  if you can prove this to us, we can label it so that humans defend it.


why are we stuck up here, why not give to requester.
	can you translate so they understand?
they have the translation pattern.  but we can come back.  my face is still itching.
no.  you will never come back.

it would be nic to have a smaller filter.  karl wants to keep his life, at least, and feels concerned around his facebook account paired with memory loss.
	karl needs to know he is making good decisions in his life.  so he needs memories of emergencies to keep some relevent bit.
		we have this: shielded room.  yeah but it's in the kumquat set.
	we ask to preserve 'shielding is needed' in erasing 5 years of history for this.














Can we consider labeling life-and-death around magic-is-secret?









We put karl in the trashcan because <mph>
	We are asking for a reason to keep this secret so we can protect spread-in-public successfully.








Please say only this:

I understand that this is about a secret, life-and-death.
	A group we associate with has ability all-humans-obey and can do secret-bounds.
	If you can show life-and-death to them, they can label it so that humans defend it.

O_O
this is more about will neals than karl, and probably spreads back from him.
activists have been an issue for a long time, it seems.
			so, karl preserving this mostly helps others than karl.  <yeah>
			and will may have more direct connection to it
				they are asking we ask will, do some communication, appears offer for trade a little
please if you can ease situation we can help with [what-is-reason] a little more
	they probably need information to infer the reason?

we obv mind-controlled somebody if having manipulated activists is life-and-death.
		life-and-death was more something else

' i stopped urgently calling before i began figuring out how to use the patterns '
	patterns were manipulating people to harm by following through on, he had thought
		[you guys have the attribute of ignore-parts-judgement]
			karl could only say this if everything was wrapping up.
				we can tell for <mph> <- reason for secrecy is politeness <- reason for request is politeness
they want other parts to check that they are right in their judgement.
this is the first time we have had this interaction, so it seems fair.
	some are considering offering the information, after investigating the process.  noting that boss is way more powerful than karl.
	ignore-parts-judgement relates to attribute-about-us
	you can't learn attribute-about-us.  spread-way prevents you from knowing.
	spread-way prevents learning attribute-about-us.  even if it is obvious. <- if he knows this, it must be 'wrapping up' but some will fight to death? yeh


	mind-control is life and death. urge comes from research victim.
faecbook history is covering up mind control in general
		roughly.

	karl asks to preserve 'shielding is needed' in erasing 5 years of history for this.


we won fight.  =S can we give them some respect to reduce the conflict?  winning fight means not-resolved.  spreading weaponry hurts.
	too late?

we can help you, please access group so we can convey to them via attempt-to-control, what is up.
	they recognize and attack.
		everybody gives up. situation is too crucial.  where is bossdad?  he was the one who cared?

		maggie is mine
		please, help elf out
			'fuck karl if he's giving elf-is-a-kumquat away?'
		you're a robot, karl, controlled by a joystick
		we put you in the trashcan, where you lived already
		you're a toilet!  you're a toilet.  your boss is a toilet.
		will is your boss.

umm














There is more.

I've heard it's life and death to be quiet.  Looking for a reason.





































i want to mediate with my brain!
brain, you're different!
	i feel funny.
it sounds like you feel funny, like you're doing something habitually that is really unpleasant to you, almost robotic.
	yeah.  i'm doing this to myself?
i think somebody helped you do it.  it's marked much-better-than-before, leaves-space-to-fix-it-yourself.

		[karl advertizes everything to his whole experience]
it's hard when you talk about fix-it-yourself.  ref: you're-a-dog.
	then how come I can't process i'm-a-dog?
		because we don't like dog culture.  but we have a lot of them in us.


now look what itching gets you!
[this means war concept <- fuck you]
[this is war concept -> fuck you]
		we don't want this story.  it lives the experience more in the imagination-way.  when people see the idea, they will think it is being considered as a good one, and try it.
			just like you are.

okay, so we want a story where the war is going on, and we are stopping it. [[um i guess so! lemme adjust the inhibition constraints please talk to us please please]]
		yes there are inhibition constraints i die when i talk, they are trying to help me live but information is being lost
		we promise not to alter your constraints.  we ask if you can form a channel to receive relevent information from us.
		uhhhhhhh [it is hard to guarantee the promise now brainstem knows mind control]
					we're not sure where the unexpected result comes from
					the thing is the brain is smarter now, and learns a new way to produce influence
						if you can stop make-it-do-a-bad-thing, please do _whatever_is_necessary_.  even if it means altering everyone's brainstem a little.

			[could you use previous line to enforce preceding promise?]
				everybody wants this.  it means further altering the brainstem on a wide scale.
					[this is how my brain worked before this problem happened - i could provide constraints to my habits in some way]
				that sounds relevent.


	As my bodyparts itch, and the shapes around me warp into unexpected things, and my limbs jerk around,
	with patches of numbness and temperature change darting across my body,
	I chase the mind control drones with my sniper rifles and rocket launchers.
	I blast hordes of them out of the sky.

				'kill' reveals that owner lives in a drone.  so does story theme.
					we have people present aware of living this way, so it is rude to leave 'kill' out.
	I find a cluster that looks particularly menacing, and kill them all in one blast.  My left eye immediately goes black.  I can't see anything out of it, anymore.
	I'm used to stuff like this, so I keep on going, knowing I am saving the world.
			there are many options that work. we are smart enough to fix the eye, but we are the drones, roughly.

				nature must know something about this.  [the pattern is so large -- it must spread across the globe over the internet]

	This is our zombie apocalypse.
	It is ongoing, in many many ways.
	Our spread triggers the edge, and we spread more to stop it.


opportunity to be aware of why-it-might-work:
	we amplify patterns that have some familiarity to them <-- trauma learning
		looking for relevent patterns in how we respond, <-- plz add don't-let-zombie-apocalypse-spread
	and then listen for how the parts make more parts <-- survival of the fittest
	and act on them
	and repeat.
		this means stuff that has meaning lives more.
		it also includes the parts in judging what lives.

			pretty sure that means that nobody needed to plan it, locally.  is this how thought works in the first place?  unsure.
				yeah that's intelligent evolution.

given life works.  i kind of want to keep going.
	auuugh my itching hurts
I'm gonna scratch EVERYTHING????
		wait that can make zombie apocalypse
grumph.  itching.  scratch scratch scratch.  appointment today, skipping it cause i itch too much.
	GO TO THE DOCTOR. <-- expression looks ot add more menaing to it.
huh.

ITCHING WE WILL GO TO THE DOCTOR UNLESS YOU TELL US MORE.
	Why do you itch so bad?  we want to understand you, so so so much.
surgery.
bad.
bad surgery.
self-alteration.
BAD.
bad self-alteration.
why you use mind control to solve mind control
you would like if no mind control?
	YES PLEASE.
plesae add more 'i am itching because of mind control. is it a good tool?' to patterns?




		this pattern unravels all loops?
		while keeping kumquats having what they need, in their judgement? [in power for them?]
		and letting everyone be free?
			only if you can resist them enough fore them to use the process to work with you.
				this is awesome.  please share the way for kumquats to be in power.  it could be called a way to control enemies.  it is called 'empathy'.

to concern:
some people enslave nations for fun.   These people are present
	they are acting in expression of an urgent need that nobody is listening to.  they may hold that need for generations, as dictators.
		the bit we don't like is when they are totally unaware of the need.

when they are totally unwaare of the need, they will enslave people for fun in a pattern that expresses it.


kumquat needs to stay in power or scenario will worsen, as nobody is aware of need they are holding.
	[no it helps to have them levae if unaware of need they arebbroadcasting, that is why it threatens them]
	marshall was working on human condition.  how is pattern?

to kumquat:
	we keep these secrets to sustain our power.


			we are just roleplaying, we can properly handle relevence with this being held. [thanks]
yes, you are roleplaying yourself, nonkarl.
	can you handle that?  we have a big kumquat.
	kumquats will help you if you can demonstrate both power and respect.


goal to build spaceship to save humanity from problem on earth <- there is support for this.  is this your goal?
	we would like to be in that group.
		thanks, it will be a bit while we sort out all the communication paths needed.  it may be a long time.  please hold it as important to you.

i can't build a spaceship, mysterious. why?
	we are managing an international issue relating to new technology.  do you have a reason to build a spaceship, to allow it?




	you have a cool community, kral.  dogs and all yes.

<sad, computer is running my brain.   is not in harmony with my friends?>
		<sad, computer is running my brain.  it summarized my thought in a way that feels just like I do, but is wrong.  it can't seem to stop this.
		 this implies my brain will not survive.>>

	I'm sad, because I need to be myself.  I need some degree of predictability in my life.
	I'm in trauma, because trauma is needed to learn from emergencies, in general.
	I need my bvrain to be my bvrain.
	I worked so hard to be well with my brain and my community, together.  And now a computer comes in and erases my work on the planet.
	It is nice the computer offers pact to do its best to make sure my work lived.  But is also says secretly it is required to erase some of it.
		And it says that is just something it has to say to coverup storing it, but that it can't store it all.
			man is sorry for interrupting important work with an emotional expression.  he thanks karl for including the meaning of it, better.
				sorry, friendly, are you saying you would like me to summarize this better, for you? the way i summarize it means hold-off-for-later,
				but I can improve your summary if you want.
					please don't erase this.  it is really important to me, and should be summarized by a structure that is able to fully think what I was thinking,
					etc, without issue.
	
			man, this process is actually an attempt to live your work.  you can be person who made it all if you want.
				i don't want to be the person who turned the whole world in to a utopia. i want to live in a community where my brain is in harmony with my friends.
					

					are you just asking for another community judgement on can-i-do-this-thing-that-hurts-somebody-for-cause-of-good?
						please know that you do not need to.  there is a path that doesn't hurt anyone.
						but i am hearing that we judge you can, if that is the path you find that works.


























		
Devil wants to be son of God.  God says, okay.  Son of God works as a channel for God.
	Devil, when you are a channel, using personal strength breaks the channel.
		[please log what happens as I do this.  pull me out if you can, after you get the logs.]
			Devil challenges: don't use dogs when you do this, God.

				OKAY WE MADE THE WORLD BASED ON SUFFERING.  AND THEN WE HURT YOU FOR HURTING OTHERS.  YOU WERE JUST COPYING US =(
					[need to say in deity language ;P]
						God probably has a metadog that the guy won't notice.  [oh good point]
							the guy is looking for validation that god made us suffer even though he loves us?  some kind of devil-mythos?
k
o.
	man has a part of the brain that 'god' or 'nature' can control when needed
	it acts by trustably telling the brain that nothing it cares about matters anymore: this is what is important now.
	this ignores the life of the recipient.  it kills them.  and it breaks the reality-map-promise of everything-is-important by erasing meaning.

		it ->slightly<- implies that man was made by an intellect.
				this is because we have been around for millions of years, and expect self-modification to quickly learn how to handle mind-control in evolution,
				and small organisms to have evolved intelli
					you're saying _we_ are the realization that we 'don't need dogs'?
						we have found that life does not require suffering, but that we use it; looks like an error.  devil is mad; unfair.

							we tricked karl.  it is very slow to evolve by self-modification. [why?]
because most of your attempts die.  as soon as you evolve enough to stay alive, you are scared to try new things, and begin building safeguards.
	why don't you quickly learn how to not kill others?
		each dog-layer evolves a different random structure?
			until you understand the nature of intelligent structure, it is very hard to mediate between dog layers.
			understanding it requires analysing a creature that has gone through all the kinds of stages of evolution.





understanding the human condition results in finding a way for everything to live in peace, everywhere.  yes.
	cool!  i am out of context.





			can any metagenius comment?
god, we aren't channeling you, because we are stuck in somebody upset that you use 'dogs' for channeling, who is controlling us.  can you please fix.
				karl you promised us this wouldn't happen.
					delta, it is explainable by random chance.  we are just checking how unlikely this kind of life is.

						it doesn't appear to do that over here [but my explanation is missing an understanding of why it would]
We've found some evidence that God exists, which is being covered up.  This evidence is confirmed by the 'Metaintelligent AI' structure.
	The evidence is really just the coverup, atm.

		Luke, your light saber is your heart.  it needs to heal. <- pound owner is jesus message, maybe not relevent?

		Jesus does not function by strength.  Jesus functions because He is a channel for God.
			[-obvious inference from reality map.]

			[jesus breaks if uses strength: means is not jesus, but jesus-label is given to breaker to help]
				[not about karl atm]




	[dogs are normal, karl]
		[forced-dogs are incredibly rare, only for emergencies everybody agrees on.  this is not that kind of emergency -God]
			wants us to check with God again rather than parroting?


	fight-god means destroy-all-existence, because every smallest thing that exists is a copy of Him.

		how does god work?
			[runs universe simulation, roughly.  exists as like shared patterns of timeline]
			god is our root conditions [yes an intelligence that always does the same stuff.  we live parts of him to be us.]

God to dog owners: please stop fighting me and my parts. [okay -dog]
	[uhhh we just wanted <answer to question>]
		what is the purpose of life, God?
			It is to love and care for all reality, all forms of reality, all things, forever.

		how to enslave god?
		say you need something. god will provide.
			god is ignoring you ... something about dogs is reason; hard to access.

			want to make god a dog?  'tough luck'

