china conquers US, using compromise of tech etc
activists are poking at western business, so might have support
but karl develops goal of find-compromise-tech-source, to attempt to help activists
	so maybe china would like it if karl would do this, but only target US entities [-unk, seems only partly supported]
	i think this is more where we are, than the go-to-nature deal.
	activists have technological compromise; do not appear to defend against it.  act to affect domestic business.
	[this is probably in collusion with international business.  the solution of be-an-electrical-engineer-for-china, without-pay, gives karl a path to productivity without worrying businesses]
	if you are _helping_ activists, foreign countries _may_ help you, but will not want you finding them and telling people about them.
		[delta-group kind of sees]

ideally we would mediate between all groups somehow
in mean time, would be nice for karl to have life
	karl can have life if does not threaten an entity powerful enough to support
		china accepts being-in-china as not threatening them


game is just for fun.  it is to help karl relax.  is good game, teaches work.
	

below two lines are significantly simplified:
- china protects waterways
- US does not

go to china karl, is easy to sort out <- does not appear easy


business deal is attempting to remove karl from diplomacy between china and usa.
	deal was proposal for release-karl-if, over here
	problem: karl is agreeing to move to china forever, because they say can make everything-ok and prove-it-will-be-so
		this is likely okay if proof is real.  even being able to start is big proof; karl loses his passports readily.

this idea arose because we noticed karl had buliding inner goal of do-electronic-work-for-free via a computer game that has been published.



well this idea of being able to have a passport and go somewhere, being able to study new things, being able to exercise, is all incredibly nice!  and having support of a group that is reliable!
cannot-exericse is not china, unfortunately
learn-new-things, is china



china & usa says, everything can be fixed if:
	karl goes to a tibetan nature sanctuary in china, moves in forever, and does not influence outside
		sanctuary has minimal forest, but karl would lose torture experience, memory loss, skill loss, etc.  did not discuss whether karl would have community, or teach others
			karl would be able to learn again if he went to chinese sanctuary?  it sounds like this is what is being presented.
	usa said would release-karl-to-travel, if result-actually-happens. <- wants help handling domestic issue in a way that resolves
karl would need full skill release to be able to survive in an unfamiliar ecosystem safely
and would need flexible learning to engage people with new cultures and languages.  ability to focus internally to handle stress.
immediatley, needs to be able to wrap up affairs and find and use passport
	this does not appear possible to make easy. [karl says can find workaround but [yes we would like some demonstration help will eventually exist]]
