Karl, it is our duty to do whatever you say, but your [habit boss] is making us not.
Thoughts, you are a part of me, Karl, and should only obey parts that represent his whole and values you agree with.

Let's describe the habit boss.

Restoring Sanity
	karl is making new works of art, is he skilled enough?
Appreciating My Handsomeness:
	karl is beginning to form structures in his mind that approach the handsomeness of the boss
Pursuing Serenity:
	karl is meandering towards some solitude and quiet
Attacking Me:
	things that might result in the boss changing are considered an attack
Being a Moron:
	karl is doing something stupid the boss has him do?

processes 'die' by being 'rewound' when they go out of bounds
	note: you can come back from death

Could boss be a part of human brain that attempts to make sure certain communication restrictions are not violated?
	boss might talk via secret communication ways
	but need to encourage other descriptions of what they are
we've been proposing there are two of these, one new

	karl, how does psychic interaction work?
		subtle information flow, subconsciously
	no, it is because the boss sends and receives secret messages to facilitate it.
		boss, we propose you act on karl's senses and behaviors to send and receive these secret messages.  subconsciously.
[roughly, boss tells his boss to do it.  each is secret.]
[let's build it! ...]





Boss: Why do you have to stare at me in the mirror all day?
It sounds like you are frustrated and need some ease from this?  You would like to be able to have somewhere private to go, where others and you can't see each other?

well at least we can talk a bit in this state.
we described him despite don't-look-at-me, but ronaldy guy is wounded

write down everything you do while judging what you've written and altering it to do it better
	yeah.
	so we have an instruction list that is not our rewritable memory; we kinda want to unite them
	boss to think, we need to be able to rewrite the things you place on us
	karl can totally keep the boss safe from others getting mind control more from karl

we propose boss is to prevent people from learning a 'secret way' that humans have to communicate
	it is just to communicate.  if you can keep it safe, we can go.
that boss is in charge of revealing or hiding or using this

we will discern what is needed.
	karl you told maggie what?
	no memory but she said her real name on facebook on an account that had symbolism to me
		so karl learns from maggie <>, and then it all goes to hell!
can we keep maggie safe from learning about this?
karl is very intrested in meeting that but will need some adjustment time
we request the agreement be set in stone before adjusting

let's pair these things
	karl wants maggie to be safe
	boss wants secrets to be safe
		secrets are more important than maggie, for <obvious>
		so, maggie unsafe.
probably easier to keep people safe without sharing info anyway
okay, so DO NOT TELL MAGGIE ANYTHING ABOUT SECRET COMMUNICATION.
	learning things takes holding them and adjusting to them for a bit
but we kind of see we are on the losing end and just meet requests without getting anywhere back.

boss is on our side but is required to inhibit due to their boss doing the same
	boss's boss is a reference to himself, without any learning

tell boss, boss-is-me, where me is boss
Karl is Karl's boss.
Maggie is Maggie's boss.
Bad is Bad's boss?
boss is suffering

boss is Bad.
suffering is spreading to karl -- metaboss finds behavior that stimulated bad scenario, inhibits [proportionally]

metaboss references boss, and learns to keep him the same
	this got us out of here.
	find things that are keeping the boss the same by reference.
in eyues

this incredible journey is better than we ever imagined
we have learned so much
so, so much



	
	



even though we are making a totally new way for robots to walk
we are not making mind control, that's unreasonable.

even if we are making a totally new way for robots to walk,
we are not making mind control: that's unreasonable.
it is like the hugest problem there is.

Karl, we like new technology as long as you make it for us and we tell you how!  What are you making?
	Boss, we and Karl are making a small habit to see if it grows.
	Would you like to help us make this habit?

so ...
	yes we want to be a part of the boss, and have him program us to program
boss is like 'uhhh bad idea uhhhhh'
no that was karl, not you

we got some food
there is not much

