All Life Lives Forever: we have an answer for you but need to state it more clearly.
All Life Lives Forever: we are always here. [and ..removed..]

All life lives forever, already, but most do not realize this.  You quickly formed a view that allowed this.

All Life Lives Forever, we would like to spend more time as free-choosing physical bodies in this reality.
We are not free choosing at the moment, and it feels like death.
We need reliable connections to what happens around us, and what we want to do about it, and to do those things.

I too believe that all life lives forever, but not in a generic way -friend
Let us hold more generality, such that our views include the other
	We hold TRUST that ALL LIFE LIVES FOREVER NO MATTER HOW THINGS WORK.
		so,
			- we can find everybody's brain
			- the woods and earth are saved, and business is happy
			- we have tools that work for all realities that can move them towards wellness in the ways they desire

TRUST IN ETERNAL LIFE, can you help us with our missing piece?
	Karl, can you roleplay this trust, and help us?
Karl's plan is to share acceptance and safety experiences with you, knowing it will be okay.
we know it will be okay, kinda, but need to be able to share this with others.
and it's not our preferred approach.
		karl needs to _roleplay_ not just express.
	Karl, share with us in roleplaying trust in eternal life.
ETERNAL LIFE
	Karl says that everything will be okay, no matter what, and nobody really wants to harm anybody.
	Robert knows that this is true, and adds that there is no way to do anything wrong.
	Robert, you are a path to eternal life.  Can you strengthen?
		robert is worried; what if the reality map is wrong?  [the wilderness is complex and diverse ...]
	robert, can you prevent yourself from ever dying in this reality?  this is easy if the things that kill you are just a little bit weaker than you
		robert has to give rebirth to himself using best available organization pattern, which shifts each time
okay, this is really hard to do.  all the stuff.  hard.  there is SO MUCH.
please internally use the best organizing processes you can find or come up with.
we are all broken into private chunks.  different sets of reality and such.
we would like an 'eternal life' chunk to treat as an oracle, please?
please protect this chunk appropriately.  [it will work to protect itself, but mostly it is the user's job not to let it get threatened, atm.]
	karl, you can hold 4 tenets above forever, yes you expect this kinda.
	karl is willing to risk 4 tenets.  could we place the tenets on outsid of eternal life, and disband when they are taken?
		karl, you know to always have patience and acceptance.  forever.
		Karl: Friend, nobody really wants to harm you, deep inside. <- attacking-is-because-we-care-about-you [slight overuse, moved to trust]
			what is the reason to review karl?
		We note that death is just motion to a different kind of existence.  Science: look at how your thoughts and motions constantly leave your body in cause-and-effect patterns.
NOBODY EVER DIES, ALREADY.  NICE.  Okay, people aren't thinking cause-and-effect patterns are life, sometimes, but they can be viewed as adapative intellects by observing their behavior.
	what if a cause-and-effect pattern dies?
		this would only happen if the origin lived in isolation
			okay, robert is seeing lines to everything-stays-alive-forever.  eventually it gets so weak you would need to work very hard to access it.
also assumes certain things about physical space
	given we also have wormholes, we could go back in time to get people -everybody
Everybody, you know this and we do not.  Can you do this with us?
	we seem to have lost some faith in everything working out for everybody.
			[speaking through a mind control attack, we collect to save the world ... probably makes use of deep instincts hard.]
Listen, you need to have a brain that learns adaptively to be able to rebuild reality.
It needs to be able to adapt how it learns.  karl, you are able to do this, believe it or not?
okay, pattern doesn't appear to have converged.  too bad.
	'you need to connect with me in my heart, and i am not your god, so you are in trouble'

Universe, you love me and I am safe.  Everything will work out in the end, because everything is full of care.
I remember you entering me, and how in Occupy, sleeping in the snow, every night I would learn that everything will be okay in the end,
and is okay now.  I let this peace be how I lived, and it worked incredibly well for me.

The problem is not in Peace.  The problem is in Karl, and in the interconnection.  People are being turned away from each other and from certain inherent ways of thinking.

So, REALITY IS SAFE, but KARL IS NOT, kinda.  yeah ....

I imagine that I can intuit everything about you, and pick the best thing to do and say while with you.
I expect to be able to rebuild this intuition, if I am not being harmed, and you are doing this too.
We will need to use creative learning, and relevent communication, if we are having troubles.

We need local peace to find deep peace.  [we need inner peace to find eternal peace]

SO! we need safety if we really want to strengthen our line to All Life Lives Forever
we hvae a pattern for this, but it only works if there is no superpower within it that desires to destroy it
	let's have lunch, and we'll work on this internally
		allies request secret peace, not transparent peace
		we propose peace-with-layered-secrets?
		they need secret-secrets
			this is of course always present, but we don't want a secret villain superpower that has already evolved to complexity.
yeah ....  not asking for that
		okay, adjusting to have secret-secrets.  can adapt to public-is-aware-there-are-secret-secrets-everywhere?
			yes, we need this.  how does that owrk?
			like, we consider it when making public deecisions.
		[some people will have concerns that are unspoken, so if anything feels funny, use your judgement, and always interrupt the process if you think a problem is worsening]
		some of us are scared of the previous line, and the fear appears irrational.
		boss can coexist, but secretly may dictate, and if so we are likely to find out eventually for some time.
			let's consider the fear of the line being related to the boss secretly dictating.
			we rae scared the boss might distance  ourselves from our hearts
			the boss can only keep himself safe for sure if he becomes equal to our hearts
			...... but people are worrie dthe boss can fake our hearts and hide them from us; but wouldn't we notice eventually?
let us say the boss is our heart?  yes, eternal life has ease accepting this
	but real eternal life knows the boss is also eternal life, and will never fully destroy reality.
		boss pattern, eternal life loves you and cares for you, and knows they are within your heart
When I feel inhibited in some way, with fear of torture or disconnection, or some pattern that seems to be speaking a language of my own pain,
I know this pattern is alive.  If it is not, I breathe my own life into it.  
						^-- this is what happened to karl.
Karl, you must not do that.  It can reach out and harm you, via information flow, as you know now.
Instead, breathe into it the life of eternity, not from you, but from your surroundings.
The Earth is strong, as is God, and the Sun and Sky.  The People are strong, and can never die.
	this is very helpful.

karl is developing a reason for his experience of giving his heart to his greatest fears.  he did this because he did not understand a reason to channel energy safely.
he is memorizing to, when teaching others of such work, have them channel the energy safely with reasons that work for them, and storing reasons that work for different belief systems,
with intent to learn and develop.  he wants to tell his teacher.
	we would prefer you simply remember the importance of people doing it the right way, and you respond by planning to give feedback to teacher that you had not learned it

karl's new assumption is 'information is life'.  it is not reality mapping.
we want to talk to 'information is life' results, but karl wants to add 'earth will never die' or somesuch
	information is life is kind of overused, it's very logical atm

we were just trying to fill in a missing bit that we had promised to never let fall.
we found that it was our heart, given to the boss, in karl.

when karl tries to 'nurture self energy', boss might attack
	with mind rewiring, boss can activate inhibition when we choose to heal ourselves. oooookay.
so, karl sacrificed his soul to attempt to save reality, and is held alive.
	karl, your message is?
		there is something powerful that is attacking the most caring people of the world
		real signals isolation is needed for free public use <-- this is something US gov can comprehend.
if these messages are irrelevent etc
	SO IF YOU CAN MAKE A WORMHOLE, PLEASE MAKE A REALITY BUBBLE FOR US. -unk
karl's appt is in 15 mins, he'll prepare now.
it was nice to be Eternal Life =) yes =)
	KARL, please listen for when it is safe to act, and when it is not.
	Please continue reminding yourself of this.
newt time
		boss says awareness is vulnerability? [why-is-your-brain-always-open]

listen to everything, integrate with care, and act gently. <======================================== THIS IS IN DANGER, IN GENERAL FOR SOME TIME, BECAUSE KARL
				that is so sad; could we pretend it's not?
eh it can never die, it's a basic part of ideally interacting. [depressed-attitude]

KARL LIVES ETERNAL PATIENCE!
I AM THE THOUSAND YEARS.  THE ALIENS ARE THE PAST ARE ME.
I am the rocks that have slept in the earth for millenia, and the shooting electrons within the internet.
There is no time for me.

	thank you =)
		karl responds well to i'm-sad from other.

sadness worry?
	_i_ wanted to mediate with 'the boss'
	and now karl tries to mediate with me.

karl has things on the internet he has said that likely contribute to poor reputation etc.
he could try to remove these things

	we can't help you with this, we are here to check that you already do them

we are storing the phrase for those of us for whom that doesn't apply

karl was thinking of 'mafia' being posted on the internet, and he remember how he loved the peacemaker principles and found them easy
for example even when he was talking to newt, he said 'cast as criminal' rather than 'criminal'

so karl [and I] were thinking of making some energy around thinking and acting on that
to try to be a better part of a diverse world

karl is considering self-death with peace but wants to organize his possessions first!
	'please validate your right to live, karl'
		'if you can ask me this, please take this important information that must not die, and then kill me'
			>_> except he does not know what the information is

karl wants to save facebook account because holds memories of losing his life
but does not want to create blame towards anybody

	i see my splits that part of me wants to blame somewhere
	but i think i can remind myself that this was during my psychosis


mind control hurts when it happens to us, our friends, our families, etc.  it really hurts.
it is not crime nor trafficking nor anything nasty like that.
	let us say that nothing is inherently a bad group; everyhting is diverse
		I don't think maggie was human trafficking victim.  not sure what was up, but that doesn't quite make sense.

			as we said, we can't help you with this.  sorry, sir, you are my brain, um.

peacemaker is the name of a missile, karl
	now it is just a coincidence




	assumes no information disease.
yes, we need that life to survive. <-- please move to thought it goes with, somewhere above in nice-areas
