roughness incoming


let's juts remember that roughness is triggered by looking-up-cia-mind-control-information-in-public.
karl is currently moving to disable his anonymous proxy as his first strategy to make the internet work.
	wasn't aware of proxy, so wasn't defending - piece of karl



>_> lots of stories can spawn.  yes.  probably there are thousands even. maybe.
so we infer just a handful of important stories that are vicious?

	all inaccurate, yes.


troying.  desotrying history.  okay?


I guess this story matters more than my own life.  -Karl, after thinking
	but not as much as keeping people safe
		[analogy is from simple pattern of psychic person escapes experimentation with habits of protect-the-group-or-we'll-all-die likely from working on illegal research, unknown]

it's a nic story, everything's okay here
	but not somewhere else ...

karl is an unfamiliar environment now, despite having been there before 

i am so sad, my memory gone, so confused, the most precious information ever is being shared with me, and it _feels_ like I will lose it
	stop saving world! not ready! !!!!!!
		WE NEED BLOCKCHAIN, NOT TRUST. <-- labeled with trust likely from karl
	can we paste above labeled with disruption to original talk?

we found a nugget that lets karl accept memory loss with purpose.  it is a nonexistent nugget.
	[so likely it could be stored with a label and he'd be okay with that.]
		he wants a develope dlabel that can be used 
			[likely to defend secret but act on it]




recognizing nobody would be okay with writing the art-language used for that
	it would be really useful to have, for some reason????

		-> art-langugae was low-level structure of thought, probably unwritable in full, but writable in part
		-> reason to not write was defense of emergency secrets.  it's one of the last frontiers of secrecy.  secrecy is needed for human culture. (OH)

okay.  discussion reference validates not learning how to build an AI.
	it is dangerous but not evil to learn the structure of thought.
	if you were to share it everywhere, some people would likely use it in a way that altered their culture permanently.  some would likely die, inadvertently (like when you buy a sandwich)
		no!!! doesn't it destroy the whole world if done wrong????

	there is a link from it that expands to it never being a good idea to build an AI.  unless it is really important for some reason.


	(we need consensus around impact, and mature technological research, to build an AI safely, but it's already been done hasn't it???)
		the problem isn't with building an AI, it's with deeply understanding thought structure in the presence of mind control or without understanding the role of artistic secrecy.

=S it sounds like we don't have the full picture, but that things are likely okay.
if we do learn thought substructure, we predict there is some thought that is unlearned, that one can learn to use to hold secrets with extreme difficulty

							the problem with the conversation is that urgency is watching with both concerns.

