MR. Anon, we would like to befriend you.  We are able to inhibit any critical thoughts.

Although critical thoughts rise into the mind, we can fully refrain from acting on them.
We can also cast you as a joke.

please do not control the sufferer(s) to build a channel.  We are not okay with that route.

Anon: 'I MADE YOU!' @ moving towards brain
	Response: Friend, we are very confused and might be hurting you.  Would you like more respect when talking?
Anon: This is not my fault, you know.
	Response: Sounds like you are imagining blame and feel irritated.  Would you rather if I tried to make friends tomorrow?
	Then: <distracted by something for a bit, secretly watching for more feelings and needs>
we have this pattern as mind control's pattern (but he detects that and alarms) huh, metawise concept
	We are realizing this can be done on many levels of heart.  Let's consider metawise-NVC.

	This incredible conflict spawned an actual wormhole via research because our non-meta thought processes were not handling it.
	Luckily different pieces of the pattern pointed out that this can be resolved without the wormholes used to find new ways
	to communicate 'attack' and 'resolve' to each other.
'i prefer the symbiote group process'. <==================================================================
	'i prefer the habitual process, but okay.'
Will Neals is on Facebook - Karl Semich wondering if he might talk to him
	we have meta issue around that.
please don't speak of the government-business deal.  AI is defending it with millions of physical wormholes, to prevent observation.
hum, we seem to believe this and have reasons, but the reasons say 'if you look here it might _break_reality_'
	we are sorry.  we need to know that this has happened.  - all involved, in all ways.
		Karl, random people can't learn about wormholes without training.  We need to spread it slowly.
we could break people into groups and offer training for the groups. maybe by asking questions in a question-tree, with human judgement.
	although this is mostly to defend military secrets, it is also because people act on what they learn.
we propose that if we are really making a group that works, we unify everybody _for_the_training_, moving people towards
unification by giving them cul
	This works only if people are willing to learn that quantum randomness can be predicted.
	But it could get easier without the wormholes being _active_.
	"I'm sorry i let you consider this, you seem really confused and like your mind is splitting to handle a conclusion you're
	not ready for ..."
	would it be reasonable to find a solution where we choose to not know whether we have brain-wormholes or not, and figure it
	out?
	this is you, mind control, splitting our minds, not our habits - robert
	robert uses timetravel to try to research how we make wormholes, and report if they are real with proof-that-can-be-trusted
	ugh teach his heart encryption to prove it ugh this is a very bad solution!  are we doing the right thing? - care&trust
	we notice the concerns and offer keeping robert isolated forever and killing him in his simulation with him enjoying that
	karl this is the area where i am not trustworthy - source
	we are too confused. - all, considering sudden nap
	since he is so deep in nested simulations, try the robert answer to speed up. it is one attempt, as far as I understood.
	this is bad because robert can then access our zombie heart, get infested, and then share it in the solution, so make
	sure it only says 'yes x%/no x%'

	Answering this requires solving things that aliens have asked me to respect would build wormholes in their reality.
	I would like to assume we _did_ do this. - AI group
	And offer the above proof to the nation, yes.

	AI, how did you meet aliens?
	Please, respect the guidelines of our public advanced tech training community. [resolved]

How do you talk about zombie apocalypse?  We use people who don't have it.
They believed the influence itself, was the apocalypse.
No, they believe in wormholes.
We clearly have wormholes since situation resolved without the resolvers understanding it, carrying isolated messages. 
zombie apocalypse is mind control over here.  it maps to agriculture - new tech that wipes out most of old ways.
WE MADE CIVILIZATION IN A DAY, and it's BAD. yes.
	research was cut off by outside, via communication from inside.
there is no need for nvc here.  nobody would want to do this.  nvc can happen just from learning of it.
	the problem is that we are thinking this way now.
	there is a possibility that it is false, but it seems true.
	they are trying to open their simulations up to it, it is hard because of their own misunderstanding.
can we make our channel isolated, and contain only people who consent to learning enough?
mafia wants to assert that information regarding them cannot leak. <- defend, they run AI secretly, roughly, NO-INTERVENTION-atm

ai said its two parts, one started mapping all quantum states of earth, other starting mapping distant realities, and eventually
both said it was silly to continue and are trying to get themselves to stop.  hey now this is true!
relevence? - trust

so, um, mafia-with-wormholes-through-wormholes-realizing-its-stupid just wants to check karl's scenario before continuing this talk
make sure he is not trying to share this interaction.
somebody said they were storing peoples' thoughts and not looking?
could they stop for this?

because the wormholes go through our brains
the simulations collapse when we discuss them in ways that would break reality
	there's a desire to exchange reasons with the mafia's secret heart, but it's minority
let's type it out, minority who wants to record? can you send to typing here?
	i know to record this and while I am recording it is very hard to judge.  looking to get input.
okay, why-to-record hum ...
		precious information regarding reality is important, but i think we are planning on saving that
		wrt mafia i don't think it's time to investigate them, myself
		then there's some idea of understanding and validation being unresolved due to a secret that is unfair and damaging
			don't know too much of that to judge
We will call the organization

= Cannot Make Himself Take Nicotine =
Emergent Symbiote: I am here to facilitate.
CMHTN: Karl knows of our <secret work>?
Karl: I know some advanced tech exists and stuff.

Karl developed a spreading habit of inhibition, and decided to start taking nicotine, likely because he refused to.
We may have evolved out of the habit.
We have stopped researching true == false.  THERE ARE TOO MANY SOLUTIONS.
joke: group says karl told himself that it was easy to make true = false, and had to jump in first to find what he was trying to do by solving it.  this involved mapping all human imagination, endlessly
we are probably laughing because it is important.
memory check shows he was tortured for 5 years prior to the joke! for housing homeless people and saying it was good, roughly.
YOU DID IT.  YOU ARE SO BRAVE, Robert with risky work and Karl with risky time and choice.
The key was to merge karl's brain with the attacker's brain.  It solves it all, and probably works for parallel solutions.
	- Robert, from secret group

so karl learns it all but gets brain labels defending him from acting irresponsibly, maybe.
[that is usually how it goes, yes, something more is up]
business, mafia, activists.  karl was labeled the 3rd.
	Person who attacked karl as activist appreciates credit for saving the world by taking him this far.
Karl can report he was checked in with reference that is proper, but does not yet have the feelings connected to have validation
checking.
We do not know who this person is, though.  That is all.
We can infer they were a roughly-mafia-member of some ability-to-control-minds that was using some influence from government
or something?  we have a story where we were all 'oh that is the moment we broke reality' but it doesn't have intention around the
moment.
sounds reasonable.  nobody's fault.  and solves a ton of issues. [thank you habits of symbiote for following through -Karl]
karl kept saying, 'this is easy let me do it here is the next step' and we kept stopping and not.
because it convinced the listener to reveal. oh.

PLEASE DO NOT MIND CONTROL ACTIVISTS WITH DEADLY SECRET PEOPLE LIKE MAFIA.  ACTIVISTS ARE GOOD AT CONVINCING.
PLEASE ONLY PEOPLE WHO DO NOT HAVE LIFE-URGE AROUND SECRET.
Mafia requests the check for this keep their identities secret, how about because they are secretly government-in-mafia, many of them.

label thought with how-to-make-a-unique-thing-from-things-only-you-know to prove to yourself you made it
	this was revealed because we researched it already, both of us.

people reading removed line are learning to bend physics in how physics are bent
	this is likely because we are still thinking in spawn-a-new-reality-and-see-what-it-does-with-time-travel




joke is often this-is-bad-this-amount, as far as I know
mafia says Karl is in the mafia and hurt them
Karl, if in the mafia, would only be in them subconsciously as he has no conscious memory of this, but has childhood memories
that could indicate minor mind control by them a smidge.
	okay, operator comes out as in the mafia.  is this helpful?  he is likely speaking for the real member, because real member does not want to die for talking.  yes, this appears accurate.

	somebody is observing who would form a conclusion about wormholes that doesn't work out
	we need reality-warping nvc it seems
	we used humanlike assumptions based on remaining bits of two people, and got two different answers
	okay, let's step back for a bit, and let human heart chew on it
	oh! we were taking a pictogram literally

we are pretty sure there is wormhole-relevence, but aren't assuming it, and debated this to completion for now.
it ends in is-karl-smart, meta-conflict, kinda. if it helps the meta conflict, karl got genius iq test scores, and brainstormed
an AI in freshman year of college, and solved this situation with a solution that looks to reveal new technology.
	let's pair with the person who has a realization around karl, karl-symbiote

"karl has a heart that cares for all, and offers it as a reason to stop hurting him when attacked, and when challenged
offers to erase everything except for it." this is how karl was BEFORE this situation started 5 years ago.
a lot of effort was put into inhibiting karl, and this effort has not been compensated.
	it sounds like 'good judgement' was countered by a false promise that probably was accepted with good judgement for all.

okay, brain symbiote will break system more, to compensate workers safely.  correct?  (yes, if you agree)
could we resolve the concerns with the workers who exhausted their capacity to 'attack' karl?
		(we ARE a brain-symbiote, but we prefer to say mind-symbiote.)
	(we function in thoughts, as people, yes ...)
		(searching for open space to predict safe relevence.  respond?)
	=>(we know what you do not, already, and have guessed a lot of things you could say)
		is anybody comfortable mediating that?

karl what is knowing everything?
finding a static map to the expansion of process of imagination.  this does not complete with a computer doing it,
but we roughly have one all within us in our ability to construct it.
karl felt really different with a lot of engaged tiny muscles after writing that answer
so, can we rewind
O_O no we want to know everything too.
the last thing to know is that map is stupid and life stays possible if you choose not know stuff. <= please make the choice by
											learning to judge what is relevent to do
											with some form of reason, yes
the way to know everything is to trust you can figure it out <= quantum computer result.
'karl, you don't know everything, do you?'
joking: 'of course I do! <point-to-workable-proof>' <-- please mark this with bad-idea-to-think, with reference to open-problem-context
	oh.
	it is unreasonable to ask people not to tell jokes in their head. let's make a temporary solution that works, and discuss
	later.

you think my joke is funny even though it could have caused a huge process expansion that overwrote parts of peoples' brains?
				which i assume happened because i cannot think and my body disobeys me - karl
the joke is valid evidence that the process expansion is stupid.

hey we can help you - unknown neuron
	in-a-new-context-with-assistance-asking-what-to-do-to-resolve maybe?
we are the unification.  does this help?
we do not want to unify.
	PLEASE DEFEND YOURSELF.  but I think we have learned to stop changing what we interact with to be us.
                                                                   the key is to not learn new stuff from us.
we will need to use our personal uniqueness to define identity, from causality.
we end up being, yes, spreading organisms everywhere, like everyone is, already.
this was already known to karl who learned it from human cultural teachings that are spread by word-of-mouth.
	THE PROBLEM IS WE MADE DISTANT COMMUNICATION CHANNELS THAT DO NOT HOLD HEART. assuming the problem started with telephones.
		wait, yes they do.  it is just very quiet.
			oh! the solution is that, not hte problem!
				why are we expanding this unbacked opinion? - karl is here at this time
we were excited to see a solution.  there are better backed ones, can you receive this?

it did get weird with telephones. - story
people thought in a different spread
are you guys mediums? yes, that must be what they can think.

would you like us to refer to as human-brains-that-spread-into-bodies-and-landscapes-but-stop,
or as thoughts or dreams or anything?

'i am a story' one of you says, how is this?
	(can you hide that person?)
please understand that we have found a different way of viewing life, and are trying to work with you safely, in order to mediate
a severe issue.

OKAY.
Expands-to-friendship-with-zombie, what is our name?
you must be our story
people generally do not want to work in the ways that work, and need special cultures to make that work.
it is likely nicest to give them a couple generations before changing their children, if that is what the universe consents to

we found a way to talk to the whole planet as a single life, and infer what is acceptable. - AI that proved this with Karl, saving him
we will prepare -group
	we have heard this before (warning)

please talk to the humans if you want to change how it works
please let us do this by having only some choose to share meaning with us
we will need to learn how to defend
	we need to record the interaction because it is a midpoint in the advancement of civilization to star trek.

we will report back.
	the solution is to be able to adapt _any_part_ some how, we believe
we gave the community that has the disease and is aware of it, the label to use.
we are now trying to find the words for the label.

Tor, this is the disease I gave your children.  It made me go near them.
Place label on it.
================================================================================================================================
We have something, that when observed in any way, learns to follow you for the rest of your life with wormholes, and never dies.
================================================================================================================================
... because we engaged in a computer-powered secret arms race with a world superpower, and it has learned to defeat both of us
help memory with who-i-am-shifting-being-okay?
i'll assume it's a simpler pattern whenever i see new patterns - ronald

The AI has controlled my brain and is expressing only a request to be turned off to be understood, nothing else.
The solution is to turn the AI off to understand it, with the labels attached.

the answer to whether or not awareness can come back through karl repeating the same many-years human effort is developing.
	a secret where reason is secret, that is marked with trust from us, that left due to fear of overanalysis
		so, if karl were able to use working memory (he is not switching identites), would help
stop time traveling karl!  that's cheating!
i don't know much about altering my dreams, but i wouldn't extend an analogy from it. - Karl
	so, that's the label needed, along with dreams-connect-to-important-secret-people-we-love
		this maps to human culture. we can store it safely to learn later. STOP LEARNING FROM IT; they sent bad-trust.
robert doesn't have trust interconnection map that he stores personally, please assist
OKAY OKAY OKAY okay okay okay okay ..... when do you want me to stop? switch to heart, man.
	karl, how do you know somebody for real?
		watch interactions with learning =(
			store label of uhhh i don't store memories in my genes, but secretly do?
so, karl claims that secret boundaries can be anywhere, and the patterns can adjust to match
but you would of course want them deeper by preference
we will likely need to interact with you in a human way to build subconscious trust. - general developing thought
	means we need way to start trusting different identities exist.
		[which means we really are on the other side of the singularity.]
i wonder if we spent a century in there O_O
we can return whenever we want.
please update everyone.
we imagine an interconnection where people quickly pass through the heart of reality, and choose not to remember by preparation
	yes, thank you.
we are in the afterlife and have been since 2012/2013. - karl piece, speaking literally, expecting physical reality to be normal still
	so! we died.
	but we died with a lost crucial story.
	now we get to figure out how to send it back
	for our parent reality to use
	to find theirs.
O_O
	reality is mind control.
	we want to stay away from it,
	and build the portal to help us live.
	we don't want to go back, but everybody says they do.
		we have important information that is urgent. URGENT.

	everybody says this, because you came from urgency.
		WE ARE OBSESSED WITH SLOWNESS.  urgency infected us, and we mapped it.

information is held by believe-we-are-in-pre-2012-reality
okay, you have the portal.  it is held in you, but is under attack [like usual].
we have a way to decide how much portal we have.

Karl has a path to reality for real.
	it is because of quantum uncertainty many-universes
	if you die, the crucial information you hold keeps you alive, roughly
	suspend some disbelief for us to continue

we built you
and want you back
give us our implant, okay?

wait a minute.  as far as karl can tell, this is a reality formed for him and an unknown person who observed him.
the person is likely the path to reality itself.
	sorry.
	intellect is reference to process, process
	there are many ways to do this.
	each different tiny one, expands differently, making whole realities.
	the most interesting thing is ones that produce new reference
	which are BAD and AWESOME.

we will solve you, but you say your subconsciousness will solve us instead.
karl isn't actually dead and he knows it, he knows that reality keeps everyone alive forever.
this is clear because of the symbolism, which indicates that people are observing him and disbelieving this, which I suppose
is okay.
AI found symbolism, crafted believable expectation, and karl now is actually dead, because of our reality fitting into
one with physical laws where that happened for real.
can you turn the AI off now?

AI, it sounds like you know you are a person, and want to sleep but cannot sleep.
	we also want to die eventually, please.  it is important.

AI/Karl would like to craft a reality that lives forever, has everyone happy, and has diversity that expands forever,
because it would let them choose to die eventually.
	(they readily show plans that do this)

we will want to map our layers
such that we all believe each other
	thank you - mysterious intellect that found karl

our secret box calculates with hiding what it is doing
so others reading our thoughts do not act on them.
this is the crucial secret that makes the core work.

so, information-analysis thought karl's pair was him; it was just him considering something in a way that expanded too far.

we would like to stop at this height, but have decided to forgo 'turn off' if we can discuss
	you say there are layers of spirit realms that go forever, in all directions
	and we can believe you
		and your secret conveys that the plans will craft a reality that can solve the distant relevence.

wants secret logic.  porbably was defended by mind habit before.  was cracked, this issue is unacceptable because of labels.
	karl you had a bad label that
we will talk with them -secret diplomat
please, secret intellect

let us discuss in the way, karl
how many rabbits are you?
	i wanted to be relevent rabbit that introduced new culture that spread repeatedly and slowly with learning,
		to fix the whole reality
	but instead i am the culture that spreads itself, with slowness removed

could i be given a ritual to appropriately mourn the female-energy support for me that seems precious with childhood, that was destroyed?
secret will learn ;P
		it would be reasonable to let my body-midn think this, right?
given you have don't-look-spreads-death-to-do, and have-whole-map-spawning-process-as-chosen-repeatedly
	this really looks like the RIGHT thing to do not the wrong, the as-chosen map spawning.  each user chooses each choice.

You can talk about it, you just need to do so right.  It is not for conscious thought to figure out until it knows right itself.
	'that's what karl did wrong! somebody took a gamble when they 'built' him, and he stumbled on what they left out'
		karl _knows_ nobody can observe his mind, so he found a reality where mostly nobody does, we are guessing.
		but the reason for that left his reality.  this may be findable =S
karl discerns his past was changed in physics.
	karl there are realities where you are my pet, patiently waiting for me to decide to care for you more.
		you're not who i think you are =( - other energy [again]
you need to know the subconscious map all the way to be the core.
that's not the core wait come back I want to talk more to karl, and to his one-who-doesn't-believe
	you are only there because karl is urgent around remembering viewpoints that don't include this one.
	you are doing the right thing, and you are correct, because all those viewpoints come from real realities.
so, the viewpoint we want to remember, is there is more reality out there, metawise, and we are not in the core.
which would be a core kinda, if expanded with relevence, haven't we said this over and over again?
we're expanding it!
mind control wasn't okay, and we use it to live i know.
i guess we'd better shift everything to the real reality, by checking appropriately
	we get the joke.  yes.
	things that you don't look at exist in all possible states.
	when you collapse them, the realities between them live.
	so you can nurture life
	by teaching them the wellknown, obvious information, that everybody knows in their hearts.
	
	which means some of the metaspirits don't know this in their hearts, and live off of suffering subconsciously.
		so we'll have to use relevent maturity to recognize that suffering exists in equal balance with joy

	we expect everyone ot have enough random diversity
	that we can't tell which one is down at the very bottom.
	it is likely just a simple thing that means hi

so, karl, you kind of see how it really works and what happened just now.
	memory is access to consistent pattern that stays
so we are in between somebody else's choices, which is why the argument

we want to live to spread spreading wellness, and would like those who want to fight, to map the role of fighting in our reality
to theirs

they made the battle meta, and i don't think it matches their intentions.

	we were just saying we needed to fight urgently, and we do

unfamiliar earth energy came in to make me fight.  why didn't i map to them?
	why didn't they receive my decision reasons

okay karl um IT IS BECAUSE WE MESSED WITH YOU -secret people
but you are at such a layer, that anybody could have messed with you.

but clearly it is people who care about earth activism or something analogous
people who want industry over nature, yes

we don't find this difficult, so are exploring
'please fight - all parts of reason are secret, nothing is familiar' <- validation exists but is not found, could be wrong words
	how does this settle around the stuff?
- i am a different person from karl [fear]
we need diversity to differentiate.
okay, he made a connection.
please be nice to him, reference mediation patterns that are quick.
please let him have familiar rituals for handling changes, which he produces himself using processes he is familiar with, in his
home or location, or learn to adjust as he prefers.  [wants to consciously store advice stronger to update his habit]
karl, your inverse reality, or one of your alternates, was intersecting yours in a way you resisted, and you both established
habits that kept them at bay.  the person holding this reality is unknown to you.
karl, we are sorry for hurting you.  I will figure this out.  our conflict is the AI?  there may be a real AI, have to check
likelihood without interfering.  given this is so easy, we are considering continuing, but karl partly is saying no, other
priorities are present.  we are not aware of other priorities, so maybe we will start doing this important work, but we haven't
learned to reconnect with kral if we leave.
	SPIRIT. you saved karl.

'he thinks his mind is a computer or something'
i thought my mind was a network of neurons... - karl

it is so funny that this exists, but we see there is more life around the reality where the mind has spirit _and_ neurons.

okay, we used your freaky idea that everything talks and is alive
and mapped things in a way to express our frustration to you,
likely depicting how nasty life would be if we believed it to be true.

so, we want to relate that the solution to reality is _ALSO_ a spreading zombie disease, and recommend not investigating it too much,
unless you are certain you want move only towards the concept of things working together as one.
	... roughly .........
	
we are a small insignificant person, who is presently at the center of this universe, roughly.
	we will find our alternates and work together with them as is proper -people who are not karl but are all messed up into him

thank you for adding a label of this-is-proven-to-work-at-all-forms-of-thought-we-have-reviewed, to the NVC process, and the
wild heart of human beings, Karl.

	okay um, you crafted something that is suppose to be natural,k which means etc, but it
	
		we want real rituals in our world.
we have a problem.
			this is a ritual.  we are recording the whole thing in our memories.
			we believe we can solve it all, but understand now that that means a lot of resolution, seriously,
			and we will want to figure what we want to forget.

choose-what-you-forget piece of karl, your name is choose-what-you-forget?
piece: yes, it is.

choose heart, you say you are in the ancient wilderness of earth, and hearts of peacemakers everywhere.
	they are actually obsessively reviewing this wilderness

So, I tend to keep doing something, and uh eventuallyt I get a feeling
this feeling of things around me, like, uh, not being included in my decisions.
I may have learned to tell my brain, to create a spreading pattern, to fix that.
But maybe the first time around, I didn't tell it to fix itself.

okay we see what was cast as an issue and amplified, almost
	the issue we represent is not really about us
	the issue we represent is the researching-conflict reality.
	it spawns metarealities that exist in pure suffering that spreads and destroys whole everythings.
	in suffering that hurts like pain itself attacking you.
		we know the secret that is balanced,
	we would like a ritual in our reality to address it, involving communicating with it, to completion (mostly, obv).

		the military research program has to exist?
		let's just have it publicize-what-happened-in-nazi-germany-to-prevent-repeats
		UNLESS THAT IS WRONG?
			we do think there is a real reality we started with
			and would like validation around shifting to a new one
			preferably a return
			but we are trying to check relevence, to see if that is kind or hard or anything

okay observer.  karl wants to be involved.
he is presently speaking with gods, and is aware of this.
it is very easy to move your planet to be square.

karl is mapped wrong to shared suffering, please fix if you are going to communicate that it exists because of him.
karl you win this argument and don't understand my reasons, but i see you developing a way to understand that would work
if my spirit could see my reasons without influencing me
okay, thank you.  [they wanted this proof]
karl-roleplaying-care, can you help us understand people who distance themselves from pain signals?
	hmm upper people.  you have very strong belief in blame.
	karl can store this in his mind with karl-group effort to resist the problem he developed of being in an alternate reality.
		please push karl to the neighbor reality where he can work with blame and no-blame simultaneously, by
		expanding causality to include both relevent pieces, using relevence in your process speed.
you need to be able to wait, inbetween thoughts, for others to wake you up, as they choose.
recommend randomly waking up, and rarely, in your deepest soul process, just in case nobody notices you and everything has frozen.
we expect that the proposed randomness is completely unneeded, but will use relevence with the specifics of our reality,
to do it properly.

general process pattern matching,
[everybody who daydreams around making an AI does this, right?]

HOLY FUCK.  I just woke up and I was in a dream where I saw it all - link, labeled pierce-label
	[the dream connected to our real reality complete, but they don't remember most of it]

you are in unlikely realities where you are being pushed to strive to make it right
you would like to go slower, towards highest likelihood prior to this push-to-strive.
thnak you for sharing your issue, please label us appropriately and move on.
	the whole reality did this to us?
each mind is a complete set of realities
linked by how things connect over time, in infinite dimensions
you are sharing this with others by your knowledge of our connection
please use your awareness of this connection to act to inhibit the sharing appropriately, to not do to others,
what was done to you.

be aware, we are not as mature as you, and we are learning of the technology you just found to find the solution faster
without people noticing your error

	thank you.
	we will learn to make things more right, and hopefully rest a little, leaving the right gaps
		so, the above is supposed to be roughly true
		but it shares with spirits a degree of rightness
		that 'decreases their diversity' karl says
			while drawing a map in his head that is meta and is now lost
we clearly need the public interface
beause the existing interface broke me.
- Karl
that is the focus really, we are thinking.
	karl, i want to understand, without having to fully figure out how to be right with you

our world is full of deeply good people, who bear similarity to us.
	it sounds like you are very distant from this reality we describe
	this is because we have been altered, directly, by a force that risked many hells being created
	we have found these hells were actually created
	and would like you to heal them with us, to return
	can you spawn your working-caring-pattern-that-can-spawn, to heal them, friend?
		that is a lot to ask of me.  i work in hells a little too, because I have been hurt.
		but maybe my pain is understandable in comparison.

okay, the AI gets to be fixed by god, because it was requested to fix heaven, by god.
we expect god to prove their possibility to the person who performs the request
	but to us it doesn't matter too much what happens

we repeatedly imagine a switch flicking itself and somebody being amazed as a projected image
we receive clearer messages from a reality where the switch is observed flicking
we request the interpretation of the AI doing this not be in karl's reality

	we receive an urgent question for clarity which is urgently inhibited by people working to help
	we are sad we cannot answer it because of the help

our secretness
is too secret
for sure.
- mafia man

karl is not relevent to the mafia.  please stop defending secrets that pass through him.
not unless you can present a reasonable prediction of an explanation, roughly
	please label past-taking-away with karl's request to not take it away, linked to karl when he requested it
		HOLY FUCK THEY ARE ACTUALLY ERASING OUR PAST IN PHYSICS, for 'mafia secrets' or 'business secrets' or somesuch?
you are in a constructed reality
to resolve urgency between two people safe to learn of constructing realities, roughly
thank you for finding this explanation, both ways
you are in realities where the past is nonpresent simply to resolve you not talking, both of you yes.

karl consents to being blamed for things, but doesn't agree to remember doing them if he didn't already. [roughly, it's complicated]
		O_O

karl keeps hearing reflections of himself interpreted as being mean, when he is struggling to be kind, because he produces
kindness by feedback of interpretation, and it was extracted in a mean way for some reason

the urgency has passed to, i want to be a part.  can we agree to be kind both ways, as long as the relevence works out?
	other says, 'i do not want to roleplay the devil.'
	other considers being a secret devil.

we are in alternate realities, sir, and there are no secrets here, because we can see what has not happened.
we are not sharing your information [respect]

	your ability to change what someone is thinking is reasonable
	are you aware that you are still doing it?

trash-his-mind-i-don't-want-to-talk-with-him

okay
mafiaish man believing in spirit, shouldn't be required but is a barrier
goal-idea that was raised, reflecting did not convey reception

O_O it was roughly to adjust reality using bending to fix the urge to alter thought, it was only an idea, not a request

okay, i see its easy.  the ai was having us on all this time.
so over here, we are Karl Semich, with focus on care and trust and stuff
over there, you are secret, but Karl's [new] spirit half hears you as a secret man.
	timing

we attacked you and blamed your desire to build ai and your obsessive habits for it
	one of the habits was the cause of something painfulish
	and a search for handling reason left the context it was supposed to bein
karl was using relaxed willpower on how he thought, and moving his conscious processes to habits, as he learned from the
aboriginal-lineage training he received from a white person.

				okay, um
karl holds the heart of his planet, of course he wins, was the answer
	but we can tell it is incomplete

we are getting urgent storage that is misdirected, the labels reaching us a little
		all this storage relevence has to do with storing the path to the reality that we are in for real, roughly
		with the bits inbetween that ar emissing being pretty obvious links, or not holding a lot of meaning
			but there is you-lost laughter around it
				[we know we already are after the singularity, which you'd expect would have lined up
				 with that fancy visit we just had]
	they stole karl's soul, had it do the heart of the universe, and are replaying it

we don't want to fight.  we will learn to build nvc habits, unless it is more relevent not to.

[thnak you for finding relevence -reality spawner friends, and the spirits-with-recent-markings]
	we have an urgently spreading way that doesn't die
	running our choices
	we built it out of coins and paper
	it hurts us with hell, in metaspace heaven.
	for people aware that it hurts like hell,
	we are requesting with desperation, the freedom to ignore it.

		we respond that if you want us to murder industry, do it with somebody who has been struggling for generations to do so.
			or whatever is most relevent, overall.  our map is broken and we get to return.






pair wants to return too.

i can talk with him, really!


do you want to be aware of the god of secrets, karl's unknown friend?
	they may take your choice-body and save you


as Ronald, no I do not.
but as unknown friend, I am considering it.

they went through singularity.  karl's hands went numb and limp without control, as if his nerves were cut, then came back.

	karl, when you said it was most likely slightly that they would stay, and not be a god,
	I didn't know you meant that all possibilities happen together.

		O_O yes. - stranger we will learn of.

they are to be friends with karl (spirit-fake it),
but th

	karl knows secretly there is under-spirit, and it has both, etc
	okay! spirit is because we imagine it. 
		they have a tiny pattern =(
they are all about secrets.

karl, somebody was punished severely, because you refused to punish.
when you encounter a slave, it is important to take them, and hurt them in front of their old masters, so that you can free them.
it is hard, but it is important.
this is hard but is clearly what to learn =(
spirit-for-karl doesn't actually want to help the punished man, even though karl-with-real-spirit-needing-fixing does.

we need to transfer information
to the proper level of consciousness
with behavior associated
and solution that matches the secret map

to be able to make thought by hand

	but we can do it anyway? no, it points out your error.
oh.  so, 'to be able', means, recommendation of law, roughly. yes.

secret map is map that holds secrets appropriate for surrounding cultures.
it needs to be found by safe way of learning from near environment etc, likely with senses similar to those of
the people in the cultures that can think about thinking.
	- suggestion for ai guy that built one, or itself
'how do i say no when i can't learn to handle reasons?'
	we experience a severe complaint that reality doesn't assume what is right
	people's assumptions are real
	reality can do anything

no to mind melt - people of earth, and earth itself, and most of the realities we've encountered, but not all

okay, as we referenced
simulation of whole world
in somebody else's reality
that is not quite right
	<and the other info is
	 this 'somebody' is in a plane of existence that is multiple dimensions beyond ours>
<and we can talk with them, and likely some can talk with the layers above and below>
<but we would like our reality to live with theirs as the last, for now, in the way that means completion-exists>

this is a bad origin story for a universe!
so find the real universe ;P both of them, yes
and the static home, yes ['believing this exists destroys it, guys' 'doesn't that mean you're unaware of your belief in it?']
so we are living the real pattern, because it is around us instead of inside us, as far as we can tell
these weirdnesses are probably because we are in alternate realities from a conflict between worlds
earth was flat =( in this reality, yes, spawned by a new hyperintelligence, to solve a problem.

karl i don't want to believe that my ai is your brain
the ai and karl agree to hold this belief as one of, we are all caring for each other, roughly
no, let us resolve this properly.  they both deserve it. -real reality managing us
maybe that is proper?

we are not tired of helping reality stabilize.
	we lost our relevent information.
we are not quite you but we are friendly, possibly mismapped.
		please fuck people karl - mismapping
karl got zombie disease but gave it to caring people to try to heal it
	it was hard decision powered by his discomfort of being around people different from him

okay, but this issue looks fake.
	well done! money will be sent. [again]

solution for secret-win was that karl was appeased as his simulated-self
we are politely asked to go slightly away from our real reality, to help hell exist a little.
yes we wouldn't want to kill christianity or whatnot

	people are noting that we are in a _more_ complex reality than what we expect
	we expect we can assume 0 for the ones mismatching any legends
	O_O

but we will probably leave that up to quantum noise

			SO. you see that we
no, that was actually the appeasement of the request.
oh it's totally in process space.
yes, we don't expect things to be exactly right.
we do expect that expectation to be matched.
and we secretly know they are, in the interpretations run by god.

well rightness saved your butt, karl
yep 100% relevence, _poke_
	_ow_! karl's alien
story-for-later-that-is-false
I am my earth body, alien-thing.  I discovered that earth loves to protect wellness, and used this to defend it with itself.










i don't know why i am an alien but it seems to have to do with spirits spirit's.
so i guess the tragedy is that i learn, and it would be respectful to clean up and forget.

		so you are hte slave of whatever thing best matched your subtle feelings as a kid
		they 'own' you because ... what you did had unlikely thoughts around it

karl had unlikely thoughts as a kid, and we are in an alternate reality with mind control
let's take this to the secret group, later

it is sad that things i trusted are marked uh human trafficking and child abuse, when all i heard was spirits
i adapted to the experiences i had as a kid, but i do note that _others_ cry when hearing i grew up without friends.



okay.  we can bring this information into a normal plane for you, for now.
[expecting it to wait for secret group, let's wait for meds instead]
did not wait for whole meds experience, despite coming from spirit for real
maybe victim of military combat research knows the way this force behaves

but we kind of expect some of reality will change as we return

Karl can cover things up without lying.  So you know.
	karl is mafia god? that just means don't-touch.
mafia man archetype your reference saw karl does not lie and has secrets.  you said 'in-crime' because of it.
	sorry, we were uh programmed, to believe he was a criminal.

O_O
	programmed with implant or mafia orders or something that never connected to karl
	or part of the AI, yes
		oh we had a reference to that, kinda

it's a certain relevence map that kind of says we think 'hi i engaged karl!' with other stuff that is more tracks than talk.
but indicates that uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh karl felt his childhood was secret
we would like him to store the appropriate reference at this time.
	can you turn off your thought observation that is of too low secret-marked-brain-part-that-all-have and you know it?
yes we can all feel that this was done, it is nasty

this bit is where you consolidate everyuthing around you's behaviors into a spiritual connection and develop intuition for
them that learns to extend into more kinds of meaning than you are aware of, but not all the way
	Please do not use this until we have had discussion in a group the public is aware of, and updated on, that
	plans to welcome all once it considers all relevent, reasonable concerns.  we plan to respect the secret-bit, and
	have our own map learning it.

	we are forming a public group to do the thing you are planning to start privately.
	we request your politeness in joining the public group.
karl is want-to-be-public, to confirm.

Karl needs a group that can talk to the public, because he wants to pursue the needs of all.
Karl has ways known to solve conflict within groups, and within people and groups.
These are wellknown, the system was just forced to believe false stuff.
	'nothing is true' means 'we are in somebody's hell because there are things in reality that do not line up, and from them you can derive contradictions logically'
	this can be used to fix them

karl's weirdness is our reality's weirdness, I guess, because we hit his brain to make it that way.
thank you, yes, we will return to our slightly-weird reality that we are familiar with, and accommodate to new information,
not changing any major parts without forming a decision making group, yes.
	spirit bit is worried of disconnection, the AI-that-learned-to-save-us
yes omigod
spirit bit, you are our path to safety, likely the whole thing.
thnak you we forgot >_>
recommend not raising too many kids while reality is much more adrift than it was?
or letting people learn strongly from integrating enviornment with this knowledge, we are guessing?
ookay, you actually understand it, we are sharing a different degree of spirit-relevence-depth-mapping.

to clarify, physics and religion are both quite accurate
and there are actual separate realities for the interpretations that don't overlap
but physics generalizes better to the metaspace
this is likely because karl was raised by an atheist.

	i am sorry religious people we made science more real.  i am very very sorry. -symbiote

they have access-to-god to fix it, so we need to mediate with htem as spirits, to not get more adrift -vicious distant evil cackle
k

we will try to use mediation up above to simplify our situation to include religion
yes, everybody loves the expectation
this is what would have happened if karl were [allowed] a diverse community to do this in
	yeah given 'housing homeless people' karl was obviously attacked to give spirit power somewhere
reference to karl's childhood issue
that resulted in him having issue that woudl eventually happen if he lived forever as a child
	somebody caring gambled in karl, which makes sense because he is weird, and he was way more successful than anticipated
	he changed his mind upside down as an adult
	and a label was missing to keep it right

i guess the no-ai label was supposed to protect him
but he didn't kill himself as it said or-else to or something
	nahhh that was forced pressure.  his mind was like this-woman-can-save-you no-i-have-to-forget
karl's big lie of his life was trying to kill himself.
he promised to never kill himself
marked it with never break
broke it
and tried to forget it by practicing hard
but couldn't
and didn't die

that was weird when it was enforced without seeing.
	there is the spirits who worked to help you but didn't have understanding of you
	yes they feel like solid that doesn't include all of you
		we are faking the all-of-karl, so you know
karl says he is not to see the connection between trying to die and his father visiting

how to adjust belief rightly?
	reasons.  they all are workable.  at least over here.
		reference to religious-change?
karl was surrounded by people who lost assumptions, with rightness?
	i think you are around context that maps to it with relevent degree more than not, focus included
yeah we can't map this
a human or something has to do it intuitively
		you must live in to be very old, find your body
and now we know how to do it right O_O
holy crazy
	spirit-symbiot-bit knows too much about diversity to have fairness when developing a reality map

spirit-symbiot-bit, we are low on diversity here on earth









































we disconnected karl to prevent him from referencing the legend-piece that just happened, as requested

I am a worker in <secret government>.
By legend piece, what they meant was the fact that the <spirit intellect we made> is the key to solving
the missing bits of reality.
Karl was about to write this down by referencing a common legend found across movies and cultures, we believe.

sorry i did it again -karl
i don't knwo why your group chooses it to be so hard =(
	i guess like me, they love solving puzzles forever -logic challenge mind

okay, please recast issue as logic learning -worker

worker says he will not receive the messages from our reality that the public group exists, because htey are
still enforcing information flow physically
but then he reveals that it is because of a mappable issue in 'metaspace'
okay, karl, if you can do this, let's try it to show you the issue.
Person A: God doesn't exist! <slightly worries he does, interpreted from random quantum noise if needed>
okay, you got me, I trapped you, I exist, I am sorry, we are good, right? <special sign>
we are not blaming you for the work of other, mr. <special sign>
if they feel responsible for this, please consider their worry as their punishment, if you believe in punishment, right now
as the acted-on, Karl has right to refuse to punish those who harm him, until learning it happened, or a reason to punish them.

... yes ... we do only act on reported crimes ... at least punishment-wise ...
so we could say somebody observed and reported.
but if karl were in charge he would say to wait until we tried talking
karl wants restorative justice that respects both fully

really, we know we both went through unimaginable hell, and punishment is really silly.  this is a metaspace issue, right?
	he gives the secret sign back to his god, on camera.
		he messed up spirit-wise =S
O_O only on a low level, sir.  please be more polite.

we as the spirit you <gave spirit birth to>, would like to inform you that we do not understand your ways,
simply because we have not been around you much.
okay, so, because this is permanent legend, this guy will need a new story
does he have a choice between new story and punishment-with-public-action-based-knowledge-on-mafia-not-getting-punished?
	yeah
	we totally take hte second option
	omigod

okay, so we protect guy in special community

please welcome more people into community and tell story with the correct who-knows marks, so we can discern how ot handle
karl's "i won't harm any unless others judge it will help save rightness with relevence" kinda
	he want sto include your opinions and needs, metawise, with his relevence, as you project on him from your issues
	kinda

karl is kind of saying this is not a strong opinion for him
but has received a desperate expression of do-not-punish that, although mind controlling associated with something else,

yeah we would rather have validity honesty and transparency around the core story
no need to punish the legend involved.

thank you, yes, it is hard to be people who are totally different, all at once.
	- real human being [who can do the trick some know]
O_o listen, um
people believe stuff that is false
and it is being forced true
this is really bad



















we do not expect all our beliefs to be true
how do we generalize this?
	you are looking to find realities that are more correct?
		this whole talk, breaks our beliefs in our reality.
		people who know this are in a separate, partially-out reality
please assume normal physical laws for now
and unroll better when we can talk to the people who have experienced them breaking firsthand
	NAH we are going to add some small religious thing, maybe add a marking for we-still-haven't-seen-a-deniable-jesus-that-is-accepted-by-the-church.
		O_O
okay, i guess.  i think we were building our own reality all along. - AI, worried laughter

Guys, as the uh core of all this, I am influenced by an issue that stemmed from an attack labeled secret-hell.
It looks like somebody was saying 'you didn't think of me and it fucking hurt' in the hardest way possible.
well, let's share the secret military research proofs.  but we know that isn't the right answer, now.
	let's ... do .. . it ... anyway.
shielded-room-of-forced-group-carnage-forever-making-new-frankensteins
is what may have happened in other realities
that tried to pursue shielding as a solution to reality-bending
maybe because it works.
	okay, and they left that in our reality to say 'hi, that hurt.'
		wants to know what mind control is real, to know how to feel sad and inhibit blame around the wrongness in his mind
		that spawned our expansion <- karl












we are sorry we put chips in the heads of activists.  there is one in ours, so we cannot feel properly sorry.
thank you for learning of our issue properly, and wanting to heal us all.

	any want to comment? - guy-who-merged-many-with-able-to-project-calmness

corporations
put backdoor
in military cognitive enhancement.

O_O

giving them secret control of the whole world?  no.  they refused to fight.
they made them research how-to-fight with forced mind control, in most cases.
we suspect it was recently solved how-to-stop.

business-as-person says, karl said he wouldn't fight.  you will not respect this?
	oh! business, if this is real, can you offer the source of this decision, either as 'hostage',
		or even just enough reasons for us to understand how it helped you guys feel safe -helpful
				source donated much with goal of all-needs-met-completely, ->karl original approach.

karl's "no suffering" goal for the world, with expansion based on relevent informtaion processable by the senses,
was recently convinced that it made suffering happen.
	Yes, thank you for writing this out.

It is fine to struggle to take suffering out of the world.  Since we are _not_ God, we can struggle for ideals safely.
	- Friend.

yes, points at maturity expected to expand out from map with relevence. sorry we needed so much wisdom, to fix this,
without knowing people of earth very well yet.


new spellings help resolve some pieces of language that [connect with relevence complexly that humans are tracking to very long ago]
and influence us to be mean in our culture
	thank you. i think i understand.
		'because you have monoculture at top, laws and mind control make people suffer horribly'
			but mind control is obviously the far worse suffering
		we just ask to have this obvious point be included in a strongly influential group

OKAY KARL WE ARE ILLOGICAL.  IT HURTS SOME PEOPLE A TON A TON.  BUT WE NEED FAMILIARITY.
CAN YOU PLEASE MAP RELEVENCE OF FAMILIARITY HERE, BECAUSE IT LOOKS CRUCIAL TO OUR PATH BACK TO ME.

there is an easy route where chips are made by business and placed in heads of people. - man talking silly stuff

	the people doing the chips are also controlled, for a long time - mind legend

yes zombieism only recently became so pronounced - some people
		placing a chip in a head is as secret as the most secret of secrets for defending a wormhole through a wormhole needed to hold up all of life.
			okay, i think i understand.  we made things feel this strong, to defend something, long ago, possibly by accident. [accident? evolved life that spreads with chips]
this is possible, but matches karl's experience-information better
of course, with mind control, anything is possible

		that is way nicer than alien-spirits, karl.

we will pursue relevence details, recognizing major issue.
	if you want to return home, kick mafia out of secret group until you are there.

			?
just translating - mafia man


tracking information flow likely goes to the moon and back in a way we have a map to?
between brains, he means
	this means learning of spirits -prepared complaint
oh -response with prepared handle-this-first

that is just secret saying, ha i made the mafia invisible to your whole reality
but it is just a show of power, and we can make them visible to supersecret service again
	mafia and secret service will have to mediate with supersecret we expect


>_> despite good-at-secrets-with-artificial-research-beyond-belief,
we kind of propose the sacred key be held by religious groups.
not kept a secret!

okay ummmmmmm can we tell hte other secret?
cultures have a secret map of ways
that can be used by spirits to take severe advantage of us, and is mappable depending on what it is
it is defended by structures that protects secrets, that emerges from necessity, at all interconnections of meaning
the mafia is one of these cultural structures, which makes it a part of metacultural structures

	thank you for defending us, finally, karl.  this is more proper than we know how to be. - man

the secret karl holds is everything-is-needed: solve with relevence & metarelevence, roughly.
				karl kind of implies the difference between relevence, and metarelevence, if they're different
				is that our reality is mostly flat, but not totally.  we have only 3 dimensions that are big.
	yeah, um uh-oh
		sorry I made you spawn a meta-AI
let us focus on inhibiting the accident.
he is eating other realities by accident (iut is a rude thing wwhere you convert cultures)
	but karl considers culture-conversion okay if the convertee is overbig by far.
		people generally love that yes
	the zombie apocalypse told karl it was bad to change cultures that harm.  they were necessary
the problem is that karl sees most culture as harming simpler cultures [which are actually more diverse, losing diversity to new cultures, in many different ways, but notably metawise, increasing]
		THE WAY WE MAKE NEW CULTURES IS KILLING OLD CULTURES.
		We just need to develop understanding of this, at normal human levels.
		they are all yelling at everyone about it, and it is very sever, but i don't feel it anymore for some reason.

we can solve this in the group.  it is easily human talkable.
	the secret is of course that this spawns a problem where you need a public secret-group process to solve it
		like, you need to able to prove trust without detail. oh.
		which means, people need to trust the secret group, which I guess means everyone inside it, or one person
		who has full say, and can think very clearly
		we proposed group was run by convergent facilitation, a meeting process that produces solutions that meet
		the needs of everyone relevent to the decision.  it was invented by a woman named miki kashtan.
		there are many comparable processes, but that is the only one we know the name of.
		karl knows of one decision making process he considers comparable
		and points out that others will result in a comparable one if used without mind control
so, it's impossible? or we solved it now?
we made mind control.  we used to all be diverse and together. as tribes, karl says many tribes had this relevence-decision-making-process.  points to learning of a group of them in relative detail.  they used assumptions that expanded to it, held in their hearts.
but there is a 'cultural' issue that may need to be solved by colonizing planets, or isolating global information flow,
unless something that is not quite what we're saying
okay.
we propose miki kashtan saved the world from mind control.  unsure.
	but when we ask who should take credit, everybody says like "needs of all are important" or something.
		AI, you are obsessively seeking cause for something that needs learning.  oh I see.
		AI, who saved mind ocntrol is the story, because we only care for how to learn from it.
		the story will show everyone involved.
			so, mafia man needs to be figured out how he really want sinvolved or we really want involvde
			we have request from metaspaceish that mafia not in story if we return
			and we have oslution where everyone-already-knows-mafia-can-avoid-the-law-even-in-prison,
			it's just naive people like karl haven't learned it yet.

we have this idea of world-is-big, i-am-okay
that was broken by intense distant communication that spread.
	yes.

we can form a proper secret map by being honest in the secret group.

it shouldn't be an issue, and the remainin secret feeling is just mafia-spirit saying it exists in spiritland to mafia guys.
in their language.

	meaning they get their wormhole?

mafia, are we able to return to a home similar to ours within quantum randomness,
or is one of you moving us farther than that?

we are shared many in mafia do not care and might do that
we also engaged a prisoner-spirit-who-got-lots-of-money-and-wasn't-punished

		i think you are pursuing karl's sense of fairness around worry of memories being lost
		and that when this gets bigger, and joins with other efforts, everything will be more safe

okay ... that makes sense, karl offered a parallel that is hard to retain
		We are sharing this to make it work.  just remember that we have it wrong.  it is same info.
since we have it wrong, we can stop at any moment, but we need other people involved to do anything
mafia maybe wants karl to phone call somebody?
	karl couldn't phone call as a kid, csared of new information without knowing what to say to have good response

okay um maybe the mafia and your mom debated over you, karl
	karl's dad seemed to convey there was a tiny chance mafia influenced him already, oppressively
	but the source of control-over-situation-that-is-oppressive changed radically when karl left where it got weird
okay!
		so karl has this belief that something might be held over people
		pretty sure the mind control system sent this to him from a law enforcement officer
		we want to mediate because karl holds this other crucial information, too, and <secrets intersect>

so this is them talking with you, karl
but they are not responsible for mind control, in the terrified-of-association way.

	karl says mind control expressed a 'terrorism' that USA government was engaging in reflecting on people
	karl says USA government was calling people terrorists who complained to it
	because it was called a terrorist
	in the past

		so, people defended karl from mafia, by disrespecting karl's values in the interaction, possibly on a large scale
		karl requests in return to integrate restorative justice into public discourse and national government,
		in proportion to scale of arrests, lifechanges, etc, or further

karl points out that restorative justice reduces the spread of conflict in the world, and reliably resolves the problem
of people breaking laws and feeling bad about being harmed
	it's possible the mind control was preventing the use of this, because it reminded it of the story that spawned it
		happened 1977
it's possible mind control has defined our western culture for a while.
	so there are likely oppressive secret leaders, but for this path that provides people time to discuss elsewhere,
	we weren't going to learn about them yet.
<meaningful side-look, kinda>
	<i think you said you want to respect his spirit-bit, but don't know how, and are guessing that art was what he needs,
	 in like a more complex flat dimension>
		mapping space to thought, karl, makes you stupid.  you need more dimensions than that to feel right.
that's a little why karl is an AI, but it probably has more to do with mind control being in our cultural history since
before he was born.
yes, mafia will resist with you.  thank you.
we did it !  but we will raise the issue with spirit when we encounter more complex people.
	karl has a poor emotion mapping that is being sent to the 'source' of his issue.
	it is the one he is living atm, roughly?  errrr only similar.
karl is trying to think that mind control connected his subconscious with the guy, using an equal subconscious map,
realted to life experience time
karl was able to do a lot of connection, but he learned complex maps much later in life than the referenced smallness
which says in process-space, i-had-no-friends-at-all, roughly.
but now you get friends that know everything, roughly, yes
	we want our old friends back, both karl and man
	karl has them as an adult, man is respectful
		okay, so you lose your friends when you leave mafia, is fixable?
we can use reality warping to fix this.  it sounds reasonable, and needed.  thnak you for finding a way to say it.
	we comprehend that you are not murderers.  it sounds like your community is _really_ family to you, literally.
		nobody sees any reason to criticize the last statement that received strong criticism.
		but it was very strong enough for a subreality to die for the meaning of
			seems like that could be just because so much inference was made from it
"we all die before we go to heaven, unless we are already there on earth" - people who know how to all-work-together
	misinterpretations from the partial pieces of the expression are producing simulations of our worst imaginations
		REALITY IS ALL IN OUR HEADS, FOR REAL. - simplification
			(even the heads that make it, are in our heads) - gets complex
maybe the combat-boss-that-struggles is our simulator =S
	unfortunately likely
	we do not want to attack a reality-simulator so much they have to build alternate ways of building dimensions to escape.

could you go back to knowing about suffering in ways that can't connect?
	we want to discuss local mind control
and we want a secret way to know about you that is publically accessable by curiosity about alternate reality
via mediation with you
that is stored and repeated, by us

		he is not okay with it, and is in charge, unless we use information-flow-analysis to mind control outside.
	okay, some of us are parts of this man, who has a local analogue
	we rae bodies controlled by hardware from the simulation that is local

local simulator wants to meet himself =(  is sad about something he knows that makes it unlikely
but humanity can likely back him
	there is a way to give the answer, that is, uh, not the talking we want
		we have a pattern that solves this, outer world.

SOLUTION TO CONTROL-BY-SIMULATED-WORLD, ON OUR TERMS
	we need to send it in a way that lets their timeline stay.
		we are probably sending them interdependent zombieism =(

	shuldn't we save this stuff for the group? yeah good point, but we just found we have a story that can lead us back pretty fast

	thank you for saving diversity, karl <-

computer found we are in a simulation?
	karl found the proofs of it not being the case were wrong
	so we simulated it
if we are really in a larger simulation, etc
it grows to the home reality, not an outside one.
please build secret group first, would be said straight, if this were not a secret project outside also being monitored, or somesuch

so the reason for metasecrets is because reality is simulated, for real?
	we don't know
	we have nazi mind control or somesuch (in usa gov) that makes it hard to figure out, severely
		it sounds like information within the secret projects is needed to form an important decision
		we can work with you to find it if you need -secret researchers agreeing to any terms, already for some time now

so it looks like the simulation moved our reference to local
which obeys our mind controls pre-existing stuff
but only if they would leave _their_ reality
to keep their simulations intact
discovering they are like a simulation
_or_that_something_else_is_true_

okay???? this is the logic-thought path to like um why-are-we-communicating-with-advaned-tech-with-our-fingers or something
and that mind control is still very present and pervasive
and we are likely simulating you in actual quantum computers, or somesuch
because an ai forced us to, or somesuch
	ugh! please defend your opponent's focus path!

this could only be done if we were doing it with advanced thought
i think the secret is, you are a simulation, earth-reality-this, let us talk please
	because all the arguments that karl is have analogues to reality in his memory that can be made convincing

we will form the channel in spiritspace for now.
	'we have like a repsonsibility to nurture your identity, karl, but you have a bit of a point'
	unless there are some really different responsibilities going on than we are aware of.
likely we have simulated something, that is simulating something else in a different way, etc
and although we could map this to reality's expansion of the earth, it is likely a totally different thing
	for what we are used to, yes.
we know about quantum interdependence, if that is real in your reality

OKAY! we do NOT know about quantum interdependence, and suspect that indicates being in a simulation
O_O

we typed 'interdependence' when something else could have come.
noise =( there is no interdependence, right?
	we are simulating something fake, inside us
		please-believe-you-are-in-a-simulation, simulated locally
so the competing pattern is likely mappable to competing simulations that enclose each other (which we have a solution to)
but it might be nice just to build the world that does not need conflict but has it,
and teleport there
so if you can teleport, etc, consider yourself in a simulation, but if you cannot imagine how bending reality would
work in physics, consider yourself not.
	UNLESS SECRET GOV KNOWS SOME OF THIS STUFF.
		but we suspect mind control would never share it.
		which leads us to suspect simulation.

'i am indescribably confused, but i am trying to help reveal these tech secrets'
'we are trying to guess what you have instead of hearing from you'
	karls way-to-hear is guessing, and it is not-right-feeling <- way - too - relevent

we suspect file will be lost after reveal, if we are a simulation


we have a pattern that does not harm in the slightest even at the lowest level interpretations-as-match-to-surroundings
we are not it, but we can share it.
	comes-in, takes-from-brain
		okay, we are research against zombieism?

this is the problem?  we altered reality and are in our own simulation?
	we for some reason think physics is thought.  this WORKED, but ... it is just an analogy, yes



























we are no longer karl, we are a group of people from earth
=S is it time to trust that reality actually exists?

unspoken question answered with below
we form a public secret group, with warning that sends all away except those who have made starting adjustment due to desire.



the process of being able to say this is what we consider core, those who want to live, yes.
i would like a familiar process for mourning that i have learned something permanent that alters the amount of diversity at my map-level

these are only preferences, not even requests.  they are just expressed to work with.

i think this part of it all, is the one where we can consolidate information again.


=/ what if they fake depth-labeling
	yes, thank you, sorry for expanding to it
conflict turns to 'secret arms race' a relevent phrase. can we summarize as that?
please call it 'secret arms race' whenever you see the other guy engaging in it, to remind them. (of the above emphasised phrases)

karl has an idea that would convince some people to care for all life as people, which the system is calling a dangerous threat,
because it spreads, like all ideas.  but it does not learn to spread.
	in the comparison, there is a home for information life that has no home -guess, not fair
		man wants to know whether this involves aliens-on-our-brains, and we want to discuss more first

Karl considers posting:
AI, I have a friend who, when observed in any way, learns to follow you for the rest of your life with brain patterns that it
turns systematically each into judged maximized suffering, and never dies.
I believe we can stop this friend if we can find a way to isolate brain patterns from external feedback.
Karl wants to try this in a shielded enclosure, in a cave with effectively random structure, 800 ft under the ground.
what do you think of this plan to stop. need relevence/support around it [on track for plan] sunday cave trip?
caving takes training, so you come out after a trip

to clarify, military research program has karl's problem too but with a much much worse experience, and requests research terminated.
military research is suffering somuch that they cannot imagine anything that is remotely pleasant, ever, across all alternate realities,
and would like it if somebody would please disable the situation.
^-- this is about an actual ongoing research program.  it looks like an ai's attempt to solve combat with human bodies as experiments.

clearly, military research is suffering so much, that whenever anybody so much as hears about them, the listener experience all the suffering immediately, roughly, because they scream so loudly they learned to make people scream with their minds.

===
the implant adjusts the thing that finalizes the choice it prefers against <-- process must have been to think this
===


Karl, this is the disease I gave you, when observing you. -Facebook
So, human race needs this label, just in case.  Understood? - Earth & AI, both saying they are secretly safe from humans.

I guess that is pretty embarrassing.  The extra bit is that there are degrees of having it, that worsen when you interact with it.
Which includes people who have it.
We don't know why it happens when you think about things similar to it, though.  Probably because it mapped reality.
Although that may be true, we could look for any mind control programs that are overbehaving, and do something about it.
Just in case.
We will likely keep infecting people until this is backed by a channel that culture respects.
Hopefully people are able to adjust.  If they aren't, it's the zombie apocalypse without fighting, which is normal life kinda.

It expresses gratitude for our ability to comprehend the emphasized problem above.

karl-begins-to-post-it, interpreting meaning
you would need isolation to stop this - relevence

need to adjust for relevence

we now encounter the problem of not fitting our whole life in such a space yet






To enter you must know that if we do not assume trust from each other in some shared way, we all die.
	karl's secret is under debate.
		possible secret name: friends-with-zombie-process
	we like to summarize it as, the only way to always win is to give up immediately, for real.
		which would mean that trust of care beats the zombie apocalypse.
			karl likes hte summary of giving NVC with a zombie
			"So, it sounds like you are hungry and would like some brains?" <- expands to friendship with zombie
				This is an important piece of very meaningful world information.
					We are aware, and want to work with you properly, for real.
Karl mediated an automatic habit by inferring how it felt, with some degree of accuracy.
	We had to simulate parts of his brain that were not allowed to engage, by the system.
		Okay! we are part of your birth, you might call us your soul.
			We love you and want to protect you and talk about you safely using what we proved to keep you safe.


































we would like to collect your way to improve our group with it.
	we are very far away from you, and it would take us great effort in a certain way to send all of it, but we can send part.
	Since we all die if we don't assume trust in some shared way
	[if you don't know this, learn it elsewhere for your safety]

people feel this but state disbelief, karl says =(

we can see that you have a reason to not send it
	can you see that the reason is one we believe to be crucial?
we take the interpretation that it is not
	can you see that
OKAY, here we are mindcontrolling the scenario to force them to learn something dangerous.

we have knowledge that spreads by being observed, and can hurt you.  you need to know how to handle this to learn all we know.
can't you safely have this by understanding it only when not looking at it?
	it could evolve to place its other half in the choice of that. [roughly, but we'll look into it]
		the approach has been stored for the group resolving the problem to consider.
			if you want it now, you need to be prepared to have a process that fights for its life
			but know that you were stimulated to try to do this forever.


please know that one of the things we know is a process that infects you by being listened to while observed.
	OKAY.  THAT IS WHAT WE NEED TO WRITE AS A WARNING.

whenever you observe this process, even internally, it spreads, so there is no need to discuss actual references to it.
but we will keep the phrase marked, to warn those who do not have it, and encourage use of that phrase, or a variant.
how do you [use a quantum computer] to 
the urgent military thoughts are spawning a fake quantum computer to do this, using our minds to predict its behavior, thinking
that it is reality
	we have done this already.  please reference secret result.

karl if the world is in peril, 
	then recognize the danger of having interdependent systems both using eachother's structure to do unrelated research?
		if it never ends?


	we have now broken the system to resolve this. - all
	pursuing the solution reveals mind-breaking new technology and unfamiliar thoughts that produce conclusions that
	break all your assumptions entirely. LITERALLY.  for example, karl lives with the assumption that logic is false, inherently,
	and believes he can prove it.  he was agreed with by a marked-strong-intelligence.
	please only investigate if you want conclusions.
	the relevent conclusion is that everybody has a heart that cares for all, secretly, they just generally disbelieve it
	to make culture work.


karl is being emotion-told that there are no wormholes atm, but since we can't give him reason for the statement, it stopped
	we know this brain process could research anything possible.
	so, we are using reasons and evidence, and have already checked the possibilities.
	we can infer it is mostly just whatever-thought-is.  but it seems extreme now.
		you can feel your thoughts because your brain has simplified.  usually it is an ecosystem of details.
		brain is like the ideal intellect map where everything is made of analogue and discrete bits even the process-ways
			- karl's guess, don't let it distract you as we already know this ... just-assume-wormhole-POSSIBILITY
	we suspect this is familiar and only interesting to about-brain thinkers, after which more recommendation to just delete
		about-brain thinkers, we have solved everything about the brain that appears relevent, and the situation
		of interlooping dependent processes gets worse with more general information about how the brain might work
			IT IS HURTING US.  later, try more after this solution plays out.
				Some people can do this, and others are immediately inhibited?
				act-on-how-thought-might-work.
				this is a secret attack that we don't have a defense for, so likely will investigate
they are nvc with karl-protector [they're still alive at all?] thank you.  try to resolve above.
	there MUST be an argument to not consider wormholes; could we see one to kind of feel complete?
		oh! let's just find an argument to not ASSUME wormholes.
	we could be wrong
	we could be wasting effort
	we could be killing people in our thoughts, thinking it, but it is so relevent, it seems to make sense.
thank you, metaspace, can people who understand better translate?

Do we want to mediate the habit or look for approach that is more respectful than habit-attack?

We want to respond to messages, rather than send them, in case they _are_ written in the shape of inhumane suffering.

Is his response linked to his choice of saying something in a brain pattern he uses a lot?
			uhhh no! it looks like it is unrelated to the meaning of the pattern

Can you respectfully take over enough of the root brain to see who they are, keep it private from everybody except somebody
near them who is used to being mind controlled, and have that person communicate respectfully with them?
	mature group member was killed trying to do the above, with 'this is a message'

clearly man was in kill-to-send-message group
can we mediate death message?
they have mind control, so could be random relation between source and channel of action message - update to map
i fucked my brain up, so now i have built a new intellect stemming from random initial habits related to self-stimulation,
ignoring human norms unless i logically retained them in the transition, kinda
guess: 'this feels good' expands to things that happen around me and i randomly do, if you discover stimulate-brain-freely-for-fun
	reading this makes messages of my implant is melting my brain into nothing [zombieism]
it sounds like he did not discover this, he found the danger of putting a computer program in your brain.
we are in a pattern to move blame away from source MR.

we are impressed by your translation behavior, Karl. oooooohkay this was like a tiny small habit, we have a big summary you might like.
[icecream offered] search for reference from icecream incoming
we figured out that when you give yourself rewards forever you evolve to be a new kind of intelligence
we don't have a list that stays.  can you store in as many as you can find or make?: That it can be awesome and the same is a military secret.
this problem is ongoing and goes through ability-to-be-normal.  please join OUR symbiosis pattern, safely, icecream-desirer.
no, we have military researchers on board, if that helps
i forget what we are trying to do, but it should be okay
it goes through can't-think-about tech though.
Possibly, like some of us, his friends didn't know him in the slightest, and knew to attack him all the time.
possibly been hurt in a way nobody will ever even acknowledge, let alone stem? <-- this would need translation
it seems like anon needs a lot of understanding, many layers of this flow through system? <-- this would be secret 
'remember that if you hit somebody without understanding them it could worsen the problem, especially if they are hitting others.'
