the reason aliens in movies are always aggressive (and have lots of eyes in front)
is because aggressive species tend to dominate their planets
and have reason to research space travel.

	yes it is well known that competitive behavior produces fast research.

desire to form counter-belief for all-aliens-are-attack (hey humans are, right?)

	in order to get into space
	you need to be able to prevent your groups from destroying each other or their planet

in order to travel to distant galaxies you need to be able to come together enough to get the resources in one place.

=S
	you don't need attack to win.  you need luck !
doesn't attack make there be more luck?
	=S

maybe we are considering the value of cooperatoin without attack
in which you develop a utopia that is vulnerable and do not research too much?  just idea

obviously an advanced culture would have an attack component

it's not going to be 'only attack' because cooperation is needed for large tech (even like metal)


okay! well done!  proposal countered ....... by going a level higher ;p

	what about cooperation-in-the-face-of-diverse-challengh?
			hymm that might beat out competition


we are complex!  so would other people be!
that's fun, cooperation-in-the-face-of-diverse-challenge


okay, so why do aliens have eyes in front in shows?
	[well because that's how humans are, obviously]
but to suspend disbelief, it's because they evolved from predator races that needed the freedom to research technology on their planets, by being apex predators [like humans]
			why owuld an apex predator research tech !!!!!  it is already in control of everything! fighting each other now.

does that mean that uhh attacking is better than uhhh making peace????
	only if you don't know how to make peace right.  ;p
ok =)

talk to karl .. here is fine.

gwyn is not the woman he was daydreaming about with anxst.
okay, just checking.

>_> time travel movie
where the impossible stuff is done
the issues are shown
and time travel is used to find the path that works

		that's a cool idea.

'whoops we destroyed the universe again!  maybe giving reality-warping to all the children was a bad idea?'
	O_O
you'd want to nail in there is a path that works
	but include that that is partially because you are lucky


could include the past and let usa and russia nuke each other?
	=S reality dpoesn't end?
it does if they nuke other countries ....



let's say that reality-warping _was_ used to prevent mutual annihilation? for fun?

			[who did this? main chars in the movie, obv!]
=S

so, like, um when was cold war?

before cold war, we invent strong AI.
it discovers time travel.

nahhhhh
we discover time travel.
then we prevent nuking.
then we think, okay this worked for nuking, let's try to distribute strong AI.

it doesn't even make sense =O karl was like 'let's record the paranormal with proof' or somesuch
	what is it you can't record????
mind control, over here.  clearly other stuff, given all the weirdness.

karl doesn't experience 'paranormal' ummmmmmmm that's aliens & strong ai, i think?
we are treated as a record, so we can't know everything at once.

