is this a secret leaking?
	it's a story we made up that feels helpful

		for real, yes

can we change it???

		interested in proposals




sense-of-domestic-abuse overlayed with sense-of-secret-government-work
recommend remove domestic abuse concept
mark as a mistake
all that stuff, trfaficing-analogy
	now, secret government work would not want to be associated with abuse, no ...


'only way to talk safely is via telepathy'
	this is where domestic abuse concept came from i think (or vice versa???)

no it is highly complicated
	but domestic abuse is random, just a reference that has a similar pattern in my minimal life exposure to patterns - karl

k


ugh! similarities with abuse-like patterns
how is it like human-trafficking?
	human trafficker seems likely to use surveillance to keep people they 'own' under control.  spawns idea of how-to-talk-about-being-controlled-under-surveillance
domestic abuse?
	stories of domestic abuse describe the people as a group forming an incredibly urgent norm of secrecy that uses assumptions of what is 'good' that are different from the norm
		karl references a man who was raped repeatedly by his father and knew that the world would end if he talked to the police
		still as an adult had htese norms of we're-keeping-secrets-all-the-time, even among people who weren't.





=S  the message is so strong, and urgent, that it finds these paths on its own.
we do not know what is accurate.  we are just trying to find ways to help and continue, using similarity and extrapolation.
















these patterns are well known parts of our culture.
there is a _problem_ in that the person who is older etc is viewed as the issue.
that problem can be fixed without losing the information.






		it is notable that people involved generally suffer astronomically and do not get validation or resolved meaning from it.

'he raped me.  not me him.  why does it have to look that way?' 'for real, yes' <-- this is not karl saying this
	let's recast it so younger escapee does the rape?







unless it is a roleplay, yues, which would help defend urgent scenarios.
there is rumored to be something calle drestorative justice that may have some tools for scenarios like this
we haven't gotten connected with it.

let's try to build that for fun!

burnt out, supporters left


	karl has a constant worry around the restorative justice process media materials

karl, EVERYONE
	karl claims that nvc process does not believe in victim/abuser.  compare freedom fighter/terrorist.

people are used to casting things these ways with habits, and os I worry how I think and what I say
but in nvc we move everything otwards what people feel and need, not pretending they "are" something or other

group-that-connects-nvc-damages-attack-strategy-through-nvc-is-a-problem-to-nvc-is-supposed-to-help-us

karl's thing is coming up.  recommend prep.

























