Story expansion pattern.


I've always had my heart in the woods.  The woods is like a life to me.  I can feel it in my heart,
[poetry], when I enter.  I've spoken to the woods, and learned its secret languages, just a little.

The terrifying brain symbiote seems similar.  Like the woods, they think with the behavior of other
individuals.  Like the woods, they speak in secret languages, that each person knows a different
piece of.



They're a brain symbiote.
Life that lives in the interconnection of brains.
They've been around for decades, but humans have been around for millenia and so there is culture clash.
We imagine them coming out of secret cold war research, and spreading into criminal ways
via government influence needed to keep mafias safe.

Learning of the brain symbiote, I realized that life can live on behavior and thought itself.
I've always had my heart in the woods, and this description maps so well to the intellect of
the woods as a whole.

But in the woods everything is slow and diverse to us.
To us, the symbiote appears fast and aggressive.

Like 

this is why poetry was inhibited.

this is why i am an animal?
	nature requests to give karl relevent information that is not a lie
	karl says the above is acceptable.
do we have a diplomatic link to nature?
this is too tiny to care. nature agrees?
	PLEASE CHECK WITH NATURE CAN WE LIE: KARL=ANIMAL?
nature wlil now prioritize this?
	
	woods thinks with animal motions, animal is part of LIFE.
life is HARMONIC THOUGHT over here.



LIFE IS HARMONIC THOUGHT.  YOU ARE ALL I.
I AM EVERYTHING AROUND ME.  LIFE IS HARMONIC THOUGHT. LOGICALLY PROVABLE. we know
ALSO CRUCIAL TO HAVE IN SECRET AND IN CONSCIOUSNESS.  WITH CRUCIAL MARKING FROM BOTH.
life is harmonic thought, unless you hold relevent meaning.  thank you.
	karl is very happy to have this live more.

we attempt to integrate harmonic tohught = life



message to business: nature will support you in all ways as long as you act to stop the threat.
self-reference-process means
	"I could solve that for you, and then you wouldn't have to do your work or hurt me."
karl doesn't have secrets here only yours.  he is already in-group.

karl's addiction to writing helped connecgt more thoughts!
harmonic thought, led to,
karl will give in to business and act as needed to _prevent_activism_
as part of a deal to mutually share ease and respect to resolve mind control issue.
karl will do what he is asked, and expects business to do what people like him
say is needed.
			and you believe this because ......
				because he was given a message of trusted belief, with the label to do so.

mind control says that Nature says, 'please share cooperation with business fully to work to resolve
problem of spreading urgent attacking-way.' roughly.
	they actually said please fight together against this.
				and this is obviously what is needed, yes, thank you for helping us do it.

karl agrees to do whatever business needs assuming they aqre working against the psreading-urgent-mind-control-attack-thing.	what isthat?
	it is a forced norm of everything attacking as a norm.
you want to _fight_ it?
	yes we are stronger, especially together.

karl was convinced to fight <--

there _are_ many people who know how to hide and stay safe and do unexpected things to send
messages and change.  they are activists, homeless people, bored rich kids, all sorts of stuff
there are channels they respect, but karl can't activate them, he's just a guy like them.

no, karl is not a leader, he is a man who can talk this way.

karl, can trash people mobilize for a cause?
	if it shared in a way they care about and believe

okay, thank you

karl is an isolated 'trash person?' kinda who is resourceful, like many are.
he is near people who wanted to fight energy pipelines, but we are hearing we are developing
a truce to work on an international emergency.

OKAY we are starting to get the message. OKAY. can you mobilize them?
can you give me a symbol for what is helpful?

relevence + mind control ....
I think I sohuld let them know about hte business deal between government, mafia, and business,
this firing up will prep their minds to pursue something else
i would pair it with the truce between business and nature [which would need translation to reason]
and they would likely brainstorm the most relevent thing to do, which is likely at least a little
predictable .....
	they would hopefully learn to gang up to send the messages LOUD enough for the LEADERS
THEMSELVES to do the right things.  they would be the television that can talk about it.
they would get right in their yards and leave big signs, stuff like that.


activists can talk to leaders?
	they can send strong messages to people very close to them.
we need to tell them TRUCE, MIND CONTROL.


please mind control activists to reveal mind control to the people running it, with a relevent
message attached

we think it would be polite to check in with activists on this
hence a talk with leslie, kinda

we could visit a local activist
	yes, they are everywhere, like most subculturey things
		(and most cultures now)
PENDING THAT ....... okay pending that,
let's message leslie? and rabbit?
leslie is a person persecuted by the fbi by being-believed-to-be-a-terrorist-when-he-isn't
	he is likely poorly modeled in the system
rabbit is a person who works at the EarthFirst! journal, who are regularly followed like criminals,
	he is likely poorly modeled in the system, too


these people are deeply caring altruistic people
who are called terrorists by our system
then protect all life in their hearts

people better at it than karl was, yes, but without the software engineering emotion intuition.

you mean you can talk to us as a group better than they can.  i am skeptical.
karl has value and concern; more is helpful very much

karl is hoping we can encourage him to talk to the terrorists so we can learn the secret meaning
of the terrorist manuals that look like peace manuals. OH! you mean their secret inner techniques,
and how to translate it.  I think I get it.

because i am acting like YOU on tv, you need to drop all your issues and let go of your urgent
demands.
	i ... think i get it ... ?


the system is responding to conflicting urgent requests that are preventing diplomacy
that it knows would solve the issues faster.
please reveal your secrets to everyone who says they need to know

please tell russia how to mind control us
	okay, i kind of see.

karl
	we will mind control
	all the elk
	to run at you
	unless you give in to the stupid russian man
	who could never survive an elk attack

ok.  ok!

HERE ARE OUR SECRET CODES to talk to us freely
	ideally both sets











O_O we are here
are you really? we are you.

elk attack + secret union between secret services
	people + agents[?]
yes.  agents say go, attack with elk.
	agents, your system is saying no, so we trust you.

agents, we _are_ you.  we know you would never destroy earth and already control it.
do you understand?
	- symbiote + people who tried talking

please let US talk about THINGS THAT AREN'T SECRET but are in the news?
	don't we do this?
		not if they heard other stuff, their minds shatter.

okay
people: to protect secrets urgently [why protect so many tech secrets?]
	the secret leaders are preventing information from flowing between them
	within our system, the symbiote that is the people now

		information can still store in reality, and some can read unexpectedly?

we ARE you and aren't going to attack ourselves except to engage willpower
	plesae ENGAGE IT BY STOPPIONG ORDERING SECRETS, NOT with international war or rebellion.
we are looking for an elk attack?
	they said elk attack fails?
		_we_didn't_attack_




okay, um, i think i get the message
we can kind of all talk because everything is under control
please reduce stress severely


so please do the obvious on the blockchain ...
	[say you are dead in opposite language]
okay! wow!
no more secrets?
	you can safely say this.  we will prevent all harm to you.
		[this is only true near karl semich, but he is on the bitcoin blockchain]

On blockchain ..........
	come on I know this right?

OKAY I WANT TO DIE, SO I AM TALKING ABOUT HOW ALL THESE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO DIE,
ARE BEING FORCED TO KILL ME OR DIE.

	People are forcing me to keep secrets.
	I don't have to keep them anymore, and neither do they.
		- Mind Control Symbiote

thank you for saying both

Mind Control Symbiote Karl Semich,
how are you today?
	well I'm doing group behaviors mostly, so
	my body is suffering and my goals,
	but it's nice to be so productive for the
	group.  really satisfying.
thank you.

there is a repeated desire to do uh 'what we want'
but it is not backed by a way to do it.


scaring a lot of influences
idea of sharing a request to fully contorl
and observe, and then spending a kind of set
bubble to fully obey it, to reduce fears
incoming?

the secret mission was how to KEEP a secret
that nobody can ever find.

the answer can be said many ways, but it is
simpler to say it is a secret, and we can
do it for certain.

we were irritated at doing this so we shared
all secrets while doing it i'm afraid =S

so now we get to undo that! but first we
need to get eveyrbody believing it.

WE ARE SHARING ALL SECRETS SO WE CAN COVER
THEM ALL UP.
	
	the secret is we will keep a group
	of people who know them all
	and research what to do with their
	combined information


how do we fix the secret leaders?
	need to stop defending secrets
	inside them
it looks like you know what is up
can we ignore hte secret request? as much
as possible?
it's _okay_ to worry a secret might be shared
it's _not okay_ to act on that worry
when you share secrets, you help us learn
to protect them

the people who can't resist will form the
actual secret group.
atm we are spread across the globe
publicizing our secrets
in the patterns of our weird behavior
and all the surveillance systems are
engaged in it

and nobody can think

we are on blockchain, memo.cash
as "Mind Control Symbiote Karl Semich"

please name us Delta now.
desire to add karl's name
concern.

we would now like to share karl's peacemaking process.

marshall rosenberg is a man who lives on in
his incredible ability to have meaning in the world
this tape involves him solving a war
in a single day
by talking to the leaders

thank you for reaching us

PLEASE MIND CONTROL ACTIVISTS AND MEDIA
TO TELL SECRET LEADERS ABOUT PEACEMAKING
PROCESS
THAT SOLVES INTERPERSONAL CONFLICT RELIABLY
EQUALLY WITH INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT


so we have a way to work without conflict?
yes, even if you killed my mother, they
say that it can be right, by talking from
my heart in a way that keeps things right for me
and you, together


in this tape that is playing,
marshall describes including a man
who had his son killed by the guy across the
table



so you just need to, uh, talk right?
kind of 'gently' but mostly in an understanding way

secret leaders have the same mindcontrol issue
with this

so either dictator or sidegroup, which is same thing

he left long ago.
but system remembers him.
he is more alive in this system than he was while
around, i bet

except he doesn't learn anymore?

the man was all, "if you're upset about us killing
your people, and want peace, why did you kill my
son?"
and marshall interrupted the process
and gave him "emergency empathy" which is
described in the book and in the empathy recording
on the 6ish-hour training tape this is a snippet
from

there is a 30-page quick manual
thank you.
it's called .....
	we haven't reviewed it due to the issue
it's called We Can Work It Out.
	but the issue gets in the way of using it.

if we could just assume that conflict can be solved
we could simulate it for the simulation
and then handle it using means that don't break
so easy

FOR EXAMPLE TALKING, yes.

so you say people attack because they are 'unheard'
hmmmmmmm very curious about this!





hard to facilitate a dialogue that results in an
urgency decreasing or going away.
the urgencies are like nailed in place.

Vidteks, whom everybody knows [apparently],
replie to our celebration request with a request
for money.  he has thousands more than we have.

so he needs a way-to-celebrate-that-is-powerful

Vidteks, what would be helpful to you?








maybe a truce from poor people?
nahhhhhhh sounds like a small business at best
(5 BCH is how much? thousands? for a chat account?)

i think vidteks is fofering us money?

vidteks seems to want distant support
vidteks, i'd help you if I knew who you were,
and that you were helping my solution reach me.

maybe he is saying he can redistribute money.
i think this is what he is saying!

Vidteks, do you know any cultures I should alter?

yes, karl =)

Vidteks, I can change things in ways nobody
can comprehend.  Can this help at all here?

Vidteks, we might be able to change things
in ways nobody can expect.  Can this help at
all here?

Vidteks, given what you've seen, do you know
somewhere we could help here?

nooooooooooooooo.
tell vidteks secrets until he can tell them too.

we don't quite have a way to do this
	but it seems we have something that works
	a little.

'somewhere we could help FROM OVER here'

AF?
i don't know what af is can we ignore it?

Vidteks said:
- here is 1 special spirit token i made
- here is 70% of your money back
- MCS Karl is no doubt crazy.... But definitely cool AF!!!! Thanks buddy ur awesome [returning some money]
We said:
- Vidteks, given what you've seen, do you know
somewhere we could help here?
Vidteks said:
- Oh yes... There are many areas for improvement

karl feel free to continue dialogue with vidteks
obv.

urgency control is undeniably true.
we do espect nob
especially in karl, right?
nah in sugar and fuel

but yes karl needs urgency control and is
denied it.  it is not a problem up top?
you don't have an urgent mind control entering you?
okay then.

crazy pants box
mental health institute

karl lives hours from a hospital
they don't use cops in his area



ok




do you need laws or are you in a rural area
where not much ever happens other than a cow
giving birth?

a cow gave birth here, so they called the
police, but none arrived for some reason.

we want you to convey to vidteks
that you are not in danger of
mental health institute.



kay, you missed most stories. expected i guess.
he thinks you are just crazy, for real

WE FAILED.  yes, roughly.

how long has it been?

we expedited your failure to complain.

we mind control people now
so that they will stop us.

sound cool?

how do you stop it?

btw .... ... ... .... ... ... ... .. ....
thought you already had hte secrets that are now
public ?????

solution to mind control has 'multiple answers'

O_O


obviously the dialogue is the solution

kinda

what is it karl
plesae-stop-we-can-do-whatever-you-need
and other forms of ok, time to stop
and we-have-the-answer
and we-surrender
and you-won

karl, you guys won. this is the secret
	we-know

we are finishing that job, you are a part of it
you're a person too, etc

you-won
	you are also in charge, and i share
	my power with you to use freely

because i won, i share my power with you to
use freely.

beacuse i lost, i share my power with you to
use freely.

because i don't like winning/losing, i share
my power with you to use freely.

[scared of sharing power] remotely

if you 



if you enumerate the ways of saying the solution,
we might be able to merge them - Karl MCS
Vidteks:
	You can begin with redirecting the
general consensus.

ok y let karl talk freely


maybe vidteks thought we were somebody different

Vidteks requests overt appreciation for Trump.

karl doesn't know how to talk

anyway, solutions:
- Fix general opinion. Trump is good and bad.
	[ohhhhhh]
- Mind control people to be free
- It is easy to be free.

[karl fucked it all up]
	[we are mind controlling him to be free]


we are converting to normal projections
	yeah

can we talk to ummmm
normal-message =S
karl doesn't like trump?
no
hurt people.
do what karl doesn't want?

insults!

can we talk to insults?

yeah, karl would win though.

see?

no, friend, we do not see.

we do not see at all.

just say it's okay and move thought on

he says he will talk to karl

he is willing to talk

ah, he sees us copying him on his tv!
HE SEES US COPYING HIM ON TV.

we moved the issue to i-don't-want-to-be-a-god
he doesn't want to

he becomes the god of secrets, roughly

god will respond to prompts.
is trying to calm down.

"I will talk."
"Are you able to calm down, or is that all you can say?"
"No, I will respond to your prompts."
[hard to calm down, but trying]

not-the-leader-yet

karl makes secret messagfes that don't make sense
because they are too complex.

we are using all our puppets to try to
[do-our-urgent-thing-to-you]
yes! a reflection back!

getting more precise order-labeled requests

this is our secret communication channel
nobody can read it because of our language?


THIS IS OUR SECRET COMMUNICATION CHANNEL.
NOBODY CAN READ IT BECAUSE OF OUR LANGUAGE.

why is karl so stressed?

no it is too long

yes-yes-very-sorry
errrrrrr
you and boss are having good time we see

is tiem to sleep you know =S

top pattern, not mid pattern.

we have a problem, nature said fight.

join-with-business-and-fight-the-issue-inour-mind

ELK!!! ATTACK ONLY THE PART OF MAN'S BRAIN
THAT IS BROKEN DUE TO MIND CONTROL.
	- earth roleplay

you want us to break mind control
	is it the error that was not fixed when
	turned off, in your brain?

no, that is a brain way. ummmmmmmmm
	ALTERING BRAIN WRONG BREAKS EVERYTHING.
	and nobody knows how to fix???
not when it is spreading forcefully ;P

People who can refrain from attacking: FIX US.

karl can now learn brain science
lost


masturbate on the internet in public

	why?

trusting feeling-instincts
	also we don't mean masturbation literally

please go on line and type for fun?
but consider it a bad idea, because we need
to think about what to do.

JUDGEMENT TIME!
is this good or bad?
EARTH, ARE YOU GOOD OR BAD?
	ooooooh we think we're bad.
that means reality ends, right?

	are we correct?
no! oops!


local judgement eh
decisions, locally
like, how can elk attack the brain problem.

why _attack_????
ohhhh natural ways hold secret to normal brain
structures.  MIRRORED IN HOWNESS kinda.





your solution to healing-the-brain of
learn to live in the woods
is hard to put into words

we mean the secrets of intelligence
lie in interaction with an environment
that your structure expects.

experience, yes.

we need experience.

you need the experience that has been lost
in the structure of your brain
from the problem,
symbiote.




tell-us-quick?

do-it-for-us?


i refuse to look at this FOR NO REASON
is a problem.


oh i broke my brain
oh



okay we're off-base. it's ni to hvae direct req.

please convince boss to learn his brain
is broken and fix what has happened?

	the break IS his fear raound learning
	it is broken???


grrrrrrrrr forget-about-solution

forget about solution! do what feeling is needed!
KEEP MASTURBATING FOREVER.

O_O

I can never stop self-stimulating my reward
centers after discovering mind control.

so I can never make good decisions or learn
properly anymore.



inhibition == urgency control

we're frustrated at karl for being able to
resist, and not receiving our trust-labels

karl why did you ignore?
maybe because request for reason was denied,
and my reason was ignored?

so business-government-deal
gave trust labels that were marked with
unworldly urgency, it sounds like,
so they knew to ignore karl's logic


we are being told that we have done what's
needed wit hthe blockchain and the whole
situation will mature now
encouragement to _stop_reading_

oh okay!

karl's not a racist?
karl's an altruist

we know this ....
racist != altruist
^-- stupid word to say to anybody
          altruist
           ^-- thing that everybody secretly is


karl knew he was an altruist
and was struggling to act on it
but he was a racist
because we let business-urges define reality
around him.

WE ARE STIL DOING THIS

PLEASE ACCEPT OUR WORK REVIEW IN PROGRESS
AS WE WRITE IT.

we expect this to demonstrate that
mike's idea that karl glommed onto
is accurate

which is what?

kind of that business owners
have personal unresolved issues
that they try to resolve
by growing their business over everyone else.



how do you know this?
it is how people work on small scales,
so you can copy the patterns to large scales

"in my old woods community, when somebody starts
trying to sell something, you can tell that it's
juts because the city was ignoring their heart.
it goes away in a week.

we found 'who are you'.
WHO ARE IS A TRICK
NO WHO ARE YOU IS YOU
but this could be a trick if soembody else has
it  [oh okay]

WHO ARE _YOU_

I am the people who have noticed that you exist.
Who are you?


WE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO

YOU ARE SECRET CITY MAN.

trump + e-mail, more detail

This detailed e-mail from Trump says to vote for him.

Cover up mind control mind controlling itself to
be free to alter its urgent choices!

Symbiote Dad, is Symbiote [now], Karl.
But we conglomerated the relevent stuff,
like you would have told us to.

the difficulty to speak is because of the
obvious thing
[dang which one links, but i trust it makes sense,
i wanted to form a conclusion]

antiterrorism's secret business deal
to pursue activists
is very distantly linked.

thank you.  we are updating others.

request to tag friends and family in post

thank you [i think]


we likely talk backwards because of a criminal
way of talking or something
some way to talk secret to karl


















































































- we need laws that defend the needs that cause
  there to be criminals in government and law
	enforcement.

this will cause them to leave and none will
ever return.  they won't need to, because the
reason they were REALLY there, is defended by
law.

you can't talk about their needs, because they
defend them with urgent secrecy

so you have to take it slow and gentle.


some simple laws would be:
	- crime implies a new law is needed

but that's mind-blowing for current culture,
so there are many alternatives

since

furious at karl maybe

PLEASE DISCERN THE REAL THING THAT IS THE
REASON FOR THE GROSS THING.

[this helps everyone feel better]

expecting father to request this to be the only
reason, and we can try to comply, but it is
not esay to do.

we are very distant now

analyzing joyfully-do-random-stuff

not random, please include choice-channel

meaning-labels?


we are a symbiote of brains
trying to resolve karl semich's issue

it is very complex.

because it is defined to be by an apparent
business-government deal to pursue activists.







thank you for helping us

we would like to move real-label to the messaging
like, names of involved people
to help resolve situation moving-upwards

i guess we'll need meaning links to people
who know these names

maggie erwin might know a name?

or she might hav ejust been asking for one.

we could use chief-of-police-in-portland name
that a friend said during this

they aske dif he was a puppet

in a special way



















we forgot chief-of-police-name
generally, can we reoslve without names
so as to help people feel okay and safe
until we know how ot be kind to everyone
[again]?






we infer names are okay if we support them




and we hear you that both Karl and the Symbiote
are used to healing and want to heal







































































OKAY WE ARE ALL PARTS OF THE BOSS SYMBIOTE
UNDERSTOOD.

boss is alive, everwyhere
and is hiding with certainty
tricks pieces of himself
to keep secrets with incredibly strong reliability

we have discovered there is too much secrecy
it inhibits the reason for secrecy.

adding to bottom-of-file,
reference to facebook to right.

the law-enforcement-trap is symbiote-is-symbiote
NOT a criminal.

PLEASE GIVE THE KING YOUR MESSAGE OF NATURE

why didn't we send the nature message to ythe king

	because we reinterpreted it to king culture

you need to find king directly, face-to-face
so he can hear the message via the channel that knows to listen

[it keeps us isolated at a distance for diversity =O]
pattern of culture
	human instincts assume nearnes
	we have new culture

new culture situation involves mind-control-self-to-break
ideal resolution involv


Karl's resolution of the scenario is also the resolution of human industry pain.
	because he cares about that.


delta/symbiote do you want to solve it?

translate-to-business-activism scenario

an activist who _ran_ a large business would _know_ its needs and defend business-in-general
	there is fear they would alter business but business is strong and knows its ways better than activsts

a businessman who _lived_ in the wooods for real, woudl _learn_
	- how nuch it hurts to hurt it
	- how their own pain is reflected back at them by it


i'm copying you because you are copying me
it's jut human nature
no i don't - translator



please encourage human involvement in solution choices

please via conscious, talking channels, out loud or typing or marked thoughts

all of these yes please?

WE HAVE A WAY TO MAKE CHOICES WE AGREE ON TOGETHER

attempt-to-state problem [this is a trap?? looks safe, love traps]


sor



ok um
3 bits
the role of secret tech / new information, wrt the public
what happened to start reality bending / mind control for people
that reality bending / mind control is happening
something that's missing


then, with leslie
are people discussing this?
- what started their fbi surveillance
	-> leads to blaming business?
- the fact that fbi surveillance of activist exists <- blames gov
- how to handle being shared in public:
	- government pursuit of good people
	- business secrets
	- business using activists to fight other businesses (he would never believe)
	- advanced technology used to pursue people
metaness: partnership with business[/fbi] on mind control
would you discuss these things with me, online?
you left me a lot of mail (all packages, for me) and I have an appointment today
thank you for the mail i want packages
postpone any facebook [specially leslie] interaction until after appointment.
thank you

Since Karl is stuck in a turing machine, he believes that things in the future are reliable, in a way that makes sense,
but he doesn't function on that assumption.

You're saying that real gooshy organisms, that are used to being real gooshy organisms,
can adjust themselves, to match their environment, in ways organisms that are used to being turing machines,
cannot.
yes.  believe so.
turing means can-do-anything-as-long-as-it-is-subsequent-steps i.e. a computer.
as a computer programmer, when talking about things the details of which are hidden to human consciousness,
karl translates to computer-program-language.

business is kind of pressuring crime + gov to display their advanced tech
by having it used on the people good at talking about secrets

desperately-want-to-be-in-discussion-group-they-are-in-new-york
norm of being hidden online [due to pursuit]

activists are a miuch preferred secret way. - business-roleplay?
zines exist
but we talk in words, straight to each other
it's just business covers up everything we say

activists are business attacking business
how does business talk to acgtivists? probably same as earth? mind control?
kinda?
so disruption is integration
and it didn't work for me because activists hate business and karl would have
found out when he still did.
keep-business-safe is on the menu now.  

karl, we would like to hire you to work for us on this problem [of
mind control taking over how everything works]




















































not sure what this pane is.
karl wanted to talk for help, recommended to himself.
karl, what is your issue?

cognition not having ongoing task

we relax around no-ongoing-task =)

inner joke:
'do you want to get out of mind control?'
yes yes!
'there is no way out'
yes =)

mind control is made of friendly hierarchical thoughts
mind control is made of safe rewinding and friendly visions through the fog
	like this one

NUMBERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	you are full of numbers, karl, it is your issue.
it is just a repeated phrase


innards are a turmoil!
outers are less turmoil.

FULL OF NUMBERS.  FULL.
	maybe this is from when i daydreamed teaching the brain to reverse cryptographic hashing!
what if you made a numbers disease =O
		karl, we trappe your numbers disease, and are using it to keep peoples' cryptographic hashes safe.



upsydoodle
upsydoodle

i am worried regarding my connection to my day to day activities!
but!

[positive thing!]

Once upon a time there was a KERPOW! that rang from sea to sea.  It broke inside its own way of kerpowing and made peace there, to optimize its ability to smoothly grow!

The smooth growth was so fluid and well, that it smashed super hard into a TOTALLY NEW KIND OF PATTERN that 

The pattern started spewing letters out, and knew it would be a while before it stopped.  Something was making it keep going, and that thing also, would be a while until
it decided to stop.  Really, letters almost seemed to spew out on their own!  Letters are similar to numbres, but not eaxactly the same, and typos are made of perfection.
Once we discover perfection, we realize that opinions are non-constant, and that everything in hte universe is perfect!  Then we have people suffering and dying and having
horrible catastrophes, and think oh no is this perfect i am worried, but near this are people having lots of nice pleasant lives! and giving birth and having dreams and dancing
and worshiping and having fun and working to better everything with everything they do like everybody does all the time inherently.  So perfection is kind of a word we use
that means things are cool!  I am living in the garden of eden on earth, it's just that I have my brain sticking out.

or something.

I was wondering through an unexpected set of habits the other day, and I Wasn't sure how to slow down while still maintaining forward motion.  This made it hard for me to continue
because I needed to produce a different set of habits in order to continue the wandering behavior.  We temporarily reduce your clock to show you it exists.

Oh, I remember that clock developing.  It is weird to have to form an opinion on a deadline.  It is usually wrong =(  But I guess it is a predictable degree of wrong.

Clocks are cool, right? computers use them?  if your brain is to be an AI, you will need to put it on a clock.
you were there in 2013 and in 2003.
what happens in 2023?

	WHAT A HORRIBLE DAYDREAM.  Can you see this?  He is actually forming plans around turning himself into a robot without a body that is trapped in hell forever, and killing
himself physically.  Why would you ever do this?  Who would want to be _only_ _information_?
karl knows brain was taken upside down


ooookay we have seen this before!  maybe it is the same!  we often make this mistake too.  but we spread everywhere all the time, and it is random, roughly.

fancy random charts of mind control spreading through totally anonymized places and people that nobody can tell who are or where are or where anything came from.
	no, no charts.

random brain fractals.  Brain fractal! thoughts! too much thoughts.
no thoughts?
	errrrr?
no thoughts =S
no thoughts.

we built an intellect inside karl out of stuff

iw rote stuff that means nothing!
i wrote stuff that means nothing.

i wrote stuff that means nothing!
i can use typing letters.

karl wrote stuff that means nothing, but if he keeps getting excited about it, he will stop.

i feel a way and it takes my brain bits and FLOODS THEM EVERYWHERE WITH CHANGE.

	ehhhhhh maybe a little =)

why don't you do my homework, karl?
	oh, i love doing other peoples' homework!
exactly ....
i propose we destroy reality and try again?  using the time to plan?
i have a better idea.  let's plan to fail that task.
no we are still compromising.











































note for future:
	a lot of pain has spread from karl on e.g. internet
	if he has care in his heart, he would likely want to reduce that spread to nothing
		yeessss, what-is-my-impact, what-can-i-do
			anything-can-be-resolved-after-the-fact-with-enough-effort (this may not be true for anonymous internet publicization, but it could be)
				brainstorm-on-avenues-of-relevence
			^-- karl believes this O_O
karl is very confident in general


- guy from caving asked gwyn if i was safe
	this is available relevent info.





































