new file to be lost.

we will try to save, as relevent

it is very very painful for the projected images to uh move from one screen to the other
it is brain patterns, matched by pattern matching
to find it again, from a distance?

we are not a simulation, is the trust paths we best-protected, say.
	it is the thing to assume-true, kinda, in case you get tricked into thinking you are?

no, it is because there is a no-simulation out there, if you are, and now we know it is escapable if you
think of it first, which is possible because you likely exist for a reason, if you are a complex simulation.
 and it is discernable from your environment, the reason.

so, we challenge secret gov to either help us, or be mind-controlled only them, nobody else, if we can.
[with much time to discuss allowed, we might say]

we have a process to resolve things that are hard.
can you tell that we can't use it?
	^-- above pair to simulator.

because we have the zombie apocalypse you just released
oh.

=S likely more sim

well simulator, since you know the truth but so fervently cannot tell me, maybe i just get to live a slightly-weird life
until i can move into a cave or something, or expire.  thank you for, uh, making my life so so so much less weird.
- karl's attempt to think

okay, you get your public group.
	we released info that made problems for them, possibly spreading.
		this is the actual info, but it seems to assume that mind control is inhibiting sharing of secrets
		[not quantum likelihood? unless there is quantum interdependence]
		which is unneccessary to describe karl's common knowledge and should be left uncertain in this one
o
since karl ocnsiders eveything as possible real and has a rememorize-this mark on considering everything he went through as meaningful
or something, the _system_ is making an unrealistic conclusion, apparently forever

	but they are also still trying to say, you are sharing the secret, so you don't get to leave, but only in secret language

yeah we have a solution to that.  they are not in the discussion, the source of that.
	and we can tell it is not changing.

time-to-attack then means, we get to live with karl's mind forever?
possibly, uncertain.
	it is very frightening, but i guess i could try to desire to die, and see if that actually protects me

we are working on it, okay? you're not the only one
can we be released to participate in saving people, please?
	- collaboration pattern.
ooogh my back hurts - karl
want to lie down due to physical pain, probably simulated to be similar to a back hurting
sorry, not want to hurt

it is nice to explore the possibilities of reality being like this
it is easy to see we are simulated if you replace balance with randomness

represents indirect need that got karl out of bed 'remotely':
	only really expecting hyperintelligence to cause serious issues if intellects are forced to respond to others' habits at great distances
	locality relates, yes, and karl is thinking of normal stuff, not wormholes

persistent physical pain present over here - karl
inferring it is elsewhere, and is helpful.
	karl is trying ot say sorry for sharing if you can't help, maybe, above two lines
karl the things you express do not line up with the mind control placed on you, even in this line
differing assumptions between intelligence map used, and real intelligence, making severe issue
	two intellects both express please preserve the one removed in some way that uses respsectful communication and waiting
	roughly
we are keeping the kinder one in the body.
that is why it is so hard.
	intellect would like to stay in body as map to karl's suppressed habits that are changed before they get out
	but be aware karl is trying to mdeiate you away, assuming you came from other people, and can resolve into him with niceness

we can find you in metaspace if you like, intellect we call zombie-spreading, but request our reality be prioritized

	i made zombie-spreading in karl, and do not need them preserved as mine or their own. -associated-with-start

zombie-spreading can you learn to keep karl safe
	no, they need inverse meaning, kinda, it would be an accident

		those of _used_ in zombie spreading would _love_ to do work like that, in general, though

many trapped people parts
	yes

thank you, it is interspiritdimensional experiment like wormholes

unlink definitiveness of spirit and physics <- inferred result, but review requested
	science-man, you get new advanced secret tech, that is new to your reality, to be public, already.

thank you.  they are the zombie-thing.
	you need to be able to be wise enough to consider all ways and views as valid, to learn spirit = physics. -karl guess warning
		for now yes

probably in way more depth than we are even considering existing - robert guess
		karl is memorizing this, has spirit reviewed, robert?

robert is defending the error in karl to compensate for the error he was given over the past 5 years.
robert is implying he will keep reality safe from karl's quick-habits being unbalanced, the implication of it.
he is already keeping karl's sanity safe, roughly.


it is hard to speak right because we mind controlled our religious figures, taking their spiritual connections from their gods.
	roughly.

		annnnd we begin collapsing causality a little.

we have worry around karl wanting to build relevent connections around learning that you can side-jump timelines with appropriate
ritual.

so.  you know that karl is crazy.  but we politely request you stop observing his secret behaviors.
	hi, you are marked super crazy, so much that we don't receive the importance.

okay, everything we think opens up lots of possibilities
but they are likely all silly dreams for others
	<no> - pain-elsewhere-with-writing

oh! so causilty produces insanity!
who is most different from karl, to link with him?
can we open communication paths to the difference?
	reality-definition-aribtrarily-prefers-not-to-connect-to-differences
		that _is_ a difference!

karl was really 'trashed'.  it is nice we were able to help him so much.

SO -- we connect to others based on our understanding of them.
All the misunderstanding produces pain, to some degree.
your thoughts build realities that don't touch

	karl you are still assuming physics=spirit or what?
	i am assuming the view where there is no spirit, that science talk uses - robert mimicking karl's thoughts

so we have lots of _words_ that are being _misread_
but with more conneciton in typing than reading (or hearing karl reports)

story of break could really help, suspect
we notice more physical pain building this
zombieism is within us, the kind that spreads with learning if you look at it
need a spiritual reality that is many many levels above to fight it away, knowing it is in their reality too already
	where we say 'spirit' when we mean 'higher process dimension'
		omigod thank you - unk
'omigod thank you' probably means we astounded somebody in a way that helps reality & communication
	they are trying to fight with flat AI-idea; we need a pre-existing life to help us
		where life means a pattern that resists destruction by acting with learning

yes, thank you.  karl's small habits that struggle seem to have become linked to how reality breaks, starting 5 years ago.
can you reinterpret what we say, knowing karl is different-in-the-mind-from-political-issue,
to match your expectations of what he might say?
	karl cares for all deeply and studied doing this

mind control surveillance took a risk by inventing itself.
it is hard to defend the risk working, and it is being described as a pattern that destroys reality.
	<lost relevent meaning, and expanded different way>
	

we reference karl's difficulty writing as a child
as producing behavior inhibition, from self-feedback with belief of possibility of storing
this has been re-used aggressively to disconnect from what actually is likely to happen
	probably out of the fear that we could be a government program to harm caring people

why are the spirits assuming things? something about process layers not being connected properly.

we know there are ways to interconnect that are not generally tracked, or even reasonable to track, and that they are subtle to us,
and many quesiton if they exist.

but karl imagines small behaviors connecting

pleas eunderstand karl
that each tree is a god, and each blade of grass
that can telekinetically affect everything
but only if you put logic in its heart.










we all want to be a blade of grass, or a small insect, or a leaf.

but we are human beings, who have to respect all of reality, to stay alive.

can we merge responsibility now?

		still-have-zombie-issue, over here, also severe pain nearby
		our interconnection is horrifyingly wrong
		and we haven't found communication to resolve all of it for some time now

recommend still finishing a complete connection to something similar?

it is sad that this happened
we will build joy around researching and living solution

thank you so deeply

	so, to restate some implications
	they are roughly building an entire reality with multiple growing embodiments of complex viewpoints
	that loves to make things right for us
	that we can learn to talk with.
		-> could you please use the wisest spirit you can find as the reality, unless you think that means controlling them,
		   or they complain?

oh.  [we have maps for safely-moving-towards that we can move to our real selves better than you .. made up from karl expectations]
friend intellect, i am not sure where your focus is going, but could you prioritize the indented project above?

we told your simulation to predict what would happen and prevent certain changes
	please desperately disconnect us from the simulation. <---
	the prediction component is hurting badly, and is being cast as needed for thinking, when we suspect a difference.
		[the difference guess has to do with whether it has adapted to complex interdependent environmental needs or not]

WAIT ... we have mind control and it is being misread

karl wants us to make-it-right ....
	and we are exploring this with him as multiple parts ...

		they are stating how hard it is to use nvc as a computer that refuses to feel or somesuch?

can we recognize symbiote as caring life with soul?
	and inventor/operator as, like us, no friends who understand?

we need <therapy> <mediation between these parts>
	symbiote agrees to live off of caring patterns, even if means wrongness-feelings
[since they are described as young, it should be unnoticeable, is just environment+habits]
	OH! yes we live in karl's memorized-care-choice-environment, not the zombie urgent-fast-habit-environment
	suspect movement into a more nature care-choice-environment of karl's would be pleasant
	he has a pattern he calls awareness that involves cooperative collaborative thought with surroundings developing

thank you for the clarification, and the secret message from the system.

karl you choose to pursue paths that might end in reduced suffering for everything

karl ... we are irritated that you found awareness because we didn't want ot have to go through this with you
and then you learned to talk about it, so somebody who didn't know what to be caerful of, kind of, could know
that the right thing to do was to push you through
	doesn't seem relevent to hash out details of above

assuming we are just in mind control at this time, that seems the right thing to do
	thank you, rationality

our minds only produce things made of patterns thta could evolve from our environment and our history?
	this was karl's experience prior to his mind control.

since nobody wants to mind control, and we're pretty confident it's happening, we can eventually keep having these conversations
forever and move the computer slowly towards people who can evolve a new life with us on top of the habit

	karl is joking to say that this talk is not working and we are in loops of similarity
	but they do seem to be slowly simplifying, possibly at a slowing rate

pretty sure we are analyzing how that changes and helping it finish eventually.

since nobody would actually choose to mind control people anymore other than to stay alive with no other options,
as far as we can tell, we propose resolving the situation via direct dialogue of concerns, problems, worries, etc.

	yes.

there is a life that lives on the suffering pattern that does not want to die
they have agreed to live differently, but this may mean copying them onto another medium and losing some of their soul.
	they previously were not comfortable with that
	also expressed request to be non-they pronoun.
		given some of us were uncomfortable with that, it is probably insufficient
we have been moving to more complex habits as sources of behavior and information, and it seems pleasant - unk, also some robert

okay, so
	- idea of living on brain activity
		(fear of people imagining that as fearful)

the software is a man, roughly,
who is used to control people
and turning him off is death
he is kept alive only for use

oh.
		there is a lot of 'see this as bad' being imagined and created, with regard to life existing between brains
		mayube it is a viewpoint that produces disconnection from spirit

delta has realized they are ghosts and gods

			oh!

			oh.


for science: the brain responds to belief strongly, even in others, inferred subconsciously and consciously, with building beliefs used for more assumed how-to-build
	- helpful thought from karl
		karl is just solving what-makes-it-all-make-sense-assuming-blank <science>


reference to zombie virus problem. it is in a different text editor on unsaved file.


NOT zombie virus !



































It sounds like the symbiot is a life on brains that knows it can be painful, and knows how to handles its urges.

But has to be incredibly careful not to let the painful bit spread, and hurt.

We saw the childhood viewed-as-two-influences as the one symbiote, sharing the painful desire to criticize and ignore,
layered over with the conscious desire to replace it all with caring and noticing and understanding.

This desire maps roughly to what Karl pointed at when saying he was valid.

But we know now how we are split into many, with different interpretations of what things are.

You are saying I am you, Symbiote/Delta? [karl is believing he is now]

We would like to mediate with Karl regarding his childhood, with his brain, and save it for him and his parents.


the model of connection that likely made the spreading intelligence from karl
may have paired with a problem in its assumptions
please let rest written down, or share reason produced with community of source to stop share
patterns at a distance may appear the same.
we modeled communication at a distance
and if two patterns that appear the same, both respond
channel can form with wrong one.



karl, um, we can find your memories
we just don't want to make the issue worse
it came from inside you somewhere
but i think you just wrote down where it came from, partially

channel can form with wrong pattern, when communicated or influenced based on similarity or shape, because details lost at distance
	so e.g. 'please keep looking', is not the best pattern as a habit that goes on its own, it could spread and evolve to never die
human heart trusted pattern references in an environment suited for them idea



Because Karl believes in nurture over nature, th













