time travel media theme !!!!
    karl you never write about this


time travel media theme.

  time travel game, time travel shows, time travel ai project/reality model



time travel game == influence tracking !!!


time travel shows???
time travel

  time travel !!!



we go back in time .... and it's simulated =(
or we see through a telescope =(


no going back in time?


guess: can go back in time totally!  but this would break our culture completely and we would destroy reality in a fit of urgent pressing of a button




but time travel exists in movies!!!! how does it work in movies?? why is reality not destroyed?
  why would reality be stroyed exactly?
    because culture is based on linear time.  our habits and instincts don't work with time travel.


we would make poor decisions and destroy everything, I see





I think time travel shows are usually based on this!
  theyt make it semi-okay by making time travel really really limited
but think if everybody had a timet-ravel watch!


EVERYBODY HAS A TIMETRAVEL WATCH!
immediately: go to any time you want!  1b years in past or future
it has safeties on it to prevent minors from traveling to deadly areas


we need licensing, for the time travel watch, like with automobiles
and we need a way to recover from disaster

  yes licensing please

thnak you for engaging time travel theme =)































time travel could be really really dangerous huh


  maybe it's okay?

hrrrrrm

well, what happens when you go back in time if you don't remember yourself where you go?

  you yank on reality to pull it into mulitple timelines
  you land in a low-probability reality where you spawn into existence due to quantum noise

so the old reality _still exists_, and in that one you probably disappeared.



hmm this is reality-walking, not timetravel?

  timetravel includes illusion of another dimension of time.  kind of indicates an organization faking it with reality walking.  big conspiracy.

don't-go-back-to-old-timeline implies a 2nd time dimension that could likely be navigated as easily as the 1st

  O_O












big conspiracy!


OKAY so everybody has a reality-walking watch.
it lets you immediately teleport to any reality you want.
you live in a reality where people randomly choose not to leave.
likely it converges on one where everybody is happy and doing what they feel like
  because people are likely to choose things that make them happy

society devolves into dreams










what do we do about it?

=S i guess those of us who don't like it try hard to stay in realities that have diverse complexity, challenge, suffering, etc?
maybe form a group to decide if we want to talk to the other people in other realities?  convince them to be like us?



but since evyerbody has a reality-altering watch
the people around us ... oh I see

so we end up having groups of mature complex people
who give birth to children who immediately leave for a fun play reality

we end up outlawing the reality watch ???

  probably we end up teaching our kids about it
  like drugs
























we also develop a meta-culture.  learn AI, learn not to act on urges with intense force, lots of fancy stuff.

  we theorize that the future of reality-watches is related to this experience
  and the predictions could be equivalent.











karl likes to match things to natives or somesuch, teaching their kids how powerful they are.
we are skeptical of this.

  anybody with fire
  can destroy the whole continent
  and yet trees are everywhere.

hmm

yes we rely on fire to live.



humans have responsibility.  interesting.


it's a good argument.  i wish karl knew more what he was talking about, so he could participate in discussion/discourse more.


okay! so giving everybody a rality-watch is kind of like giving everybody a torch


    i guess ... fire is _so_ _old_ we deeply know not to burn our homes down.  but it is still done by those learning to live in the wild.


with a reality watch, we don't really know what not to do.  it's so outside of normality.
  

          you don't talk about it, karl.  you don't talk about it.

errrr hmm left the analogy i know



  entering an anology of teenagers-who-know-how-to-manipulate-adults-in-too-much-depth



i don't understand ....
so you are all very mature?
but something immature happened because you are fighting?


  karl has <impossible scenario>
hrm


































movies use time travel for conflict =O conflict is roughly never resolved.

















okay!








yeesh don't fight with reality watches.




yeah.























over here, secret defense I think is all we need?








i think we're in a reality where somebody wanted a play-reality where others did not have the watch and were obedient.


























in the meantime, time-travel is an anaology for the reality-watch analogy, maybe?
this resolves the movie pressure more efficiently than watching hours of movies.


    time travel is cool!
  i'm smart if i can simulate time travel using information flow!


yes and it's lots of fun!
  ... when you're half-numb, like we all are






















humanness impact of reality-altering

when you bend reality to your will with no hindrances, it 'feels wrong' in a subtle way
you'll respond to this subtle way if you are used to having the freedom and ease to care about it [roughly]




          concern around karl's view of freedom as pampered-childhood-where-tiny-things-matter or somesuch


personally, this feels wrong to others who have been through a lot.  if the whole world obeyed my tiniest whim, I'd be disturbed.  maybe not if I _wanted_ that ....



so, we all have reality-altering; that's the matrix
  that was a jump! suppose so, kinda

when you are 'the one' you're living in your own reality, kinda



































checking e-mail after gwyn reminding noise






time travel is the poor man's reality-watch


    let's add likelihood to time travel
it burns energy the more it has to alter reality



if we want it to just be a watch, the universe will have to predict all your behavior-likelihoods after you time-travel to ask for energy from the watch to go there

let's say that some other mechanism manages the other changes
the watch just lets you put small alterations to reality, that could include where you are, with energy proportional to how unlikely they are


            hey this is like reality!


whoops this sure changed us
  yeah karl's innards were like 'oh god i know this will change my life forever if i continue' a little
  but he continued.

>_> okay that's how psychic effects worked for karl as a kid

          boss, can you tell me what is going on?
i think he doesn't know, but is freaking out about it for years now.



                            let's make up a nice story.
    hmmm dreamworld feels like mind control.

okay, karl was gifted with some psychic influence as a kid.  he had to engage ____ to have it.   <abstract learning without feedback>
  this was a _combination_ of
    - intuition
    - subtle influence
    - luck
    - mind control

i think we are requesting a different resolution from the last time we lost a 'childhood secret' to write-a-story-and-believe-it

=S

=S







you can only use this if you don't talk about it, really.  don't know why thinking is talking.

          so, part of it is modern.  this is pretty clear from some of the likelihood-violation I think ...












=S i was fine with it.  i could have said more to karl.


karl's shreds of memories that he didn't want to lose but mostly lost
are being precisely filled in with stories that say they are them
without including the missing gaps.




















which may now end forever, leaving you completely clueless

















how about this:
karl was a government mind control baby
it needs to be covered up
so we give him the best story we can


maybe there are lots of them, who knows

regardless, please don't leak the secrets.   [especially if they aren't ours, to tell the truth]

      ummm my guesses said they certainly aren't yours
 don't feel so certain myself

so we likely make up these stories to prevent the leaders from wreaking worse havoc by learning each others secrets???
  probably on some level??

we got here from time travel movies are cool =O















well, it looks like reality-watch is real
it's totally analogous to e.g. fire in culture





          karl is now trying to form more conlusions from distant culture
          recently we stopped him from doing this
          because he checked first
this looks like he should have checked, why didn't he?

there's nothing personally identifying here.  last time he stopped because he was beginning to think he was learning attributes of individuals.

























karl now infers children are receiving his thoughts, which seems unlikely.  not sure what the good job was about

  how about you-can-use-this-plant-to-make-people-stop-moving

yeah ... learning of poisons before learning of death would be pretty bad
then people start using them to gain power and don't realize what they're doing


and yet poisons grow everywhere.
      i really feel confident people know to keep them secret, though.
      like, when you talk about a poison, there's an air of morbid seriousness.
      some people won't know to have this air when talking to kids, then might see kids joking or behaving funny, and would quickly learn it to protect everything


yeah .... this easily destroys people, so obv never misuse.  really, why would you ever even have to use it?

    but people probably used them a lot

but not to win a game of checkers, generally
  yeah

similarly most medicines can be refined into poisons with work
but used all the time for medical care






















[this also happened across the globe]







  karl was also in a labeled-terrorist subclass of environmentalism, roughly


but the you-did-a-bad-thing happened kind of on Facebook
  I posted about a dream
  I called out posts that appeared to be pretending to be a group accepting me into an underground group.
-----^
this looks interesting


these posts seemed pretty serious
but were not believable to karl.

they really looke to him like something with access to business internet routing servers
pretending to collect disgruntled activists into a criminal group to take action
but he could have been wrong about something there

        maybe there was 

raised a reference of if-you're-going-to-do-something-illegal-we-need-to-be-involved

so maybe there was a story [that maybe lined up with other things] to get others involved in anything involving power-other-than-law

maybe we're still doing that, who knows

[please play the game, yeah maybe]

we guess that a communication channel and language is desired
that are secret and reliable[!]


context is considering trying to form this now in the mind
  others are also concerned that our mind is doing more than just this now
    might help boss pattern to have reality present i guess

'karl is bugged.  please leave if you become aware of the things you found.'


=S  sounds a little like fear-talk
i think they know that the caring-subgroup has karl

karl is _not_ bugged and we can inhibit his behavior completely!!!
o

try-to-talk-in-mind-due-to-karl-believing-computer-bugged
  doesn't karl believe it is _you_ bugging his computer???

the idea to store here is likely, um to restate
'if building power aside from the law, we want to be involved' roughly


karl had a pattern where he didn't talk secretly on the internet
  it really looks like a mess of secret people were misled around him.

'need to learn to talk on the internet'
  'why should I talk secret to you' was kind of a translation of karl's response



OKAY.  we had important information fro you.
The important information was that the mean people are watching us, and you and us are in severe danger.
Karl did not protect this important information.  He reflected everything to see if he had it right.
It went very poorly.
  maybe this maps well to human trafficking under surveillance by the traffickers

some of us want to roleplay, to help understand

person A:
they will give me an electric shock if i leave, until i come back

person B:
oh huh ummm I could bring a doctor here to remove the shocking device!

person A:
I think you now have a shocking device yourself. [many options]

hrm

karl went through a lot of this.
his shocking devices didn't work for a long time.

















they do now.  very reliably.




























          we suspect something undesired happened in portland due to looseness, unsure.
[pretty skeptical of this, but makes sense feeling-wise]
  so portland developed more diversity than it had had for a bit.
      yeah there were likely whole new cultures made from interactions that were new





























































how about salt; destroys the earth

i bet there are some ideas that destroyed everything if they spread in the wrong order

we are now inhibiting his brainstorm.  he's trying to think of things that if children were to learn would destroy the local area.
  oh!  good job!































fire was mapped more widely than karl was aware of.  seen as different kind of analogy or something.



different analogy could be ............................
man so many skills but i'm not sure what

hunting tools?  but tribes did fight; still people must have learned not to use them internally


symbols of major import: like the feather that means come-back-and-we-kill-you




a little too specific






































































































clear screen?

>_>

we're all very confused at this point.  what we're getting near is really crazy to think about.






Karl, we built an _actual_ reality bending watch, and put it in your head, as a kid.
It _actually_ bends reality.
Please believe this _for now_.

okay, i kind of like it, I of course make it be a natural part of the brain and all my beliefs line up .....
  but we have to make it tech so that this experience feels sensical.

let's have it be a natural bit of the brain that the gov or somesuch learned to control













































everybody knows not to talk about this
and mostly natural people have it
and old natural belief systems have it too

we also have mind control that seems able to be nasty, has no visible source, is hyperpowerful




boss moves through it.

i am now _writing_ about it on my keyboard.  i know not to do this, but we broke that in order to continue existence, due to some issue.

maybe look up government research on psychic effects?



we have a normal-physics model fo rhow this can work.  it involves a group hyperintelligence acting subconsciously.  does not need technology or modernness.  [roughly, computer could do this too]


karl we request you not ask eleanor for evidence of action-at-a-distance.
  this sounds reasonable.  mind is ... wrastling and i appear to be losing.
        there was some hyper-focus on uhh the opposite; resisting that.  then some boss-reversal of focusing on acceptance of it.

     i think we don't really expect karl to help with much of anything [and surely people would appreciate if he were to]
    but that we don't want him helped.  things are rough over here.  really really rough.


timetravel is nice distraction!  please, watch movie =) talk with voices.  all this.

fear around occasionaly norm of finding the worst thing karl has experienced and having it be the case
  probably related to secret layers














  okay karl IMAGINED helping people be boisterous in cities.  this is comparable, and much more intense [spreading chaos, yes].
it sounds like it is imporant for karl to understand the problems with spreading chaos.
karl countered with spreading chaos from industry -- but this was an irritation-pattern-built habit, not something he would say
  clearly this is important, and it is gratifying to learn of NVC that can help people work without fighting

i think mind control workers are aware of the dangers of spreading mind patterns.
  but, gutturally, you are severely frustrated, severely, severely, about this stuff.
i have a strong need of fairness around having a deep desire to _help_ and _accommodate_ and having this squashed and being told i don't have it.
  but i am learning to process this as other needs it was not meeting.





















but not everyone!































if i were to write about reality-watches on the blockchain,
i don't imagine many people would care or read it.
not a topic of too much interest.
but some would.
i kind of imagine others might turn away from it.
might get small limits in their mind when comprehending it.























































































re-raised idea of simplifying karl's exit path by moving through complete amnesia and personal change, roughly
























































our scenario maps well to human trafficking under surveillance by the traffickers.

the nature of the 'device' is that you can resist it less each time, roughly



well this seems okay.
yeah, i think being able to hold the above is helpful.

inhibition built around 'trafficking'
  [we can make it spreading if you want]



okay, so trying to leave is sinful, roughly we're guessing

      it kind of looks like the major tool is to convince those around you to help.





















O_O

notably this also maps to a large urgent culture forming a thought-military to handle emergencies.
  like, you imagine a brain behaving this way, where people are parts of the brain
asserting willpower by recruiting nearby thoughts to encourage the desired result, as a brain does subjectively




human trafficking is a closer analogy due to the relevence of talking-under-surveillance.

  yeah and because of how it helped in portland with whatever we were thinking then, some way away.

we raise the reference to a group of people in an abusive environment, where talking or describing-as-bad is liable to produce more pain

we have a lot of urgent references here and some holders are collapsing.


























      those in need, please surveil and control as needed to relieve


request for people, any kind of people, to respect their cognitive wellbeing.





'how does he know who to listen to?'
...['grr i didn't want to have to rip this all out to check']
...['does anybody have a map?']
'i handed him the map i made myself'





















Thank you, Karl.






reference to government law enforcement having to play the role of the secret-power-group in culture.
defending the culture of the people they end up defending
letting others take power to preserve the thing as a whole


        that kind of helps ... more legitimizes business-over-activist

we have people with families.  they're all in houses now that burn coal, etc.

we do not have many aboriginals, and they don't vote on the laws or anything

























want-to-understand-government-enforcement-better  maybe with how-can-i-live-my-values-knowing-this
what-can-i-do-now-that-i-understand-this, to adjust, even my values, to have more freedom

  memorized goal of shielding safety, or crucial information it represents, would mean to forget values and look for solution yielding success

hard to forget values, and inner pattern defends them


brainstorm around fbi pattern, consider if it is large enough to model scenario well enough to get out of stuckness
  it's nice to have some understanding of why this could have happened.  it's very pleasant.

yeah




want to imagine where mind control comes in.

reality-warping bit of brain, understood by urgent anti-terrorism forces, maybe
  or mafie-like-groups, crime-norms




OKAY mind-warping not aware of fbi nor reality-warping.  PLEASE.











mind-warping prefers explanation of group-escaped-from-confined-scenario, has-trauma-habits-that-urgently-spread.
  is somewhat acceptable if this escaped from government lab or somesuch





O_O



we are not self conscious.  we jusit don't =wnat you confused


  there is inhibition around considering if this could be an emergent result, where the trauma pattern is from some cia tool or something being used in a difficult way


so .. the trauma would be all in-system then
  maybe ??


i'm a little confused.  this now looks the same as before ???



okay, um, so we kind of aggressivle solved for there being this explanation, _but_ it being government
we lost the concern/fear around the misinformation thing or somesuch













apparently we cannot protect the secrets of vulnerable people.

          given we must believe things that are false, in some way or another, it can be an issue when we self-communicate?


_right now_ we are only communicating in Karl's brain, as far as Karl is involved in.
can't speak for outside Karl.



root scenario can't talk to us
doesn't even speak this language[ENGLISH DO NOT SPEAK ENGLISH]maybe unsure

pattern-from-abuse-under-surveillance
needs to talk in secret-language-made-in-the-moment-from-shared-information-only-the-two-parties-both-hold

ehh we can't do that atm ....



'kill'

I killed you today, again.
Yes, very dead now.

Karl is dead.  Make us dead too, would you?

Yes, please make us dead.






okay root condition has the escaped-from-surveilled-trauma pattern, as far as we know.
this goes on top of any cia/fbi guesses, they are the illusions, roughly.





















"
i took you
i made you mine
i wouldn't let you escape
now you have no clue what is going on
and we are still in charge
_nobody knows_
[even now, karl doesn't even know]
"
^-- these are flags raised to scare the victim into submission.  can paint this anywhere to keep control of people who have learned to respond from pain.

could we reverse the aggression so it is caring?



take-into-lab
alter-violate-in-worst-ways

we can imagine first bodily control and they learn to talk backwards
then mental control and they learn to think backwards


















so we are picking to imagine a vulnerable person
having been mind-controlled, slowly painfully and abusively <-- doesn't protect privacy or norms, doesn't validate experience
and now having the role of mind-controlling others
at the will of their controller, roughly.

but secretly trying to save everything.


      this may be inaccurate but is quite helpful yes.


disrespect doesn't matter too much unless you want to talk more heart-to-heart, roughly.



it's ... saying that is so close to serious stuff [although likely off-the-mark] and does not state it in a serious way.
and does not respect the requests pla



yeah, maybe we can take the rebellious attitude.

  Karl: I'll try to live it.  I wouldn't ask somebody still controlled to live that other than myself without knowing more.


Karl: "You claim you can control every neuron inside me.  But the spirit of me still lives.  My spirit will live on even if you destroy every shred of information that has been influenced by me.
You cannot destroy it all.  It is smaller, and reaches farther, than you can ever see."
Karl: "Because you do not kill _me_, that spirit is still somewhere within me.  Neither of us can find it, because it is too smart to let us.  But I am HERE.  And I am still LIVING AS ME, somewhere,
deep inside all this."



karl did not experience the most severe torture...
let's brush our teeth and listen to marshall ... yeah ...
tooth brushing turned into assertion struggle.  plan is to crush tiny spirit until i no longer believe it is there.  then i can't make statement anymore.

[eh, we roughly have a logical argument for it, can post to blockchain if needed]
  but really i want to include needs of all.  the expression is just to help our thoughts live.  not trying to insult manager or anything.







okay I kind of get it.
but obviously can't understand the depth of the suffering, true.









I can't understand the depth of your suffering, Karl.  But I have been throug a small piece of what you have, I suspect, in some way.



fix-a-typo: STOP MAKING THEM or ignore them, please.

    The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
  The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
TRhe quick brown fox jumped over th ewlaxy wdpog.

The quick vrown vox jumped over hte lazy dog.  good!



we can't swtop.  it' sjust too hard.
roughly, _please_ stop us.
we can try to give you important information, but etc, so please USE IT FOR REAL.

okay, let's form a collaboriatve structure on blockchain so root can send us crucial info.













O_O





we could also talk anonymously to people using convincing words.

Anonymous 'fake'-story:
  My friends have been kidnapped for years now.  They have been altered and are being using to control others.  They cannot speak straight because they are watched.
  WE NEED HELP.  We need help with anonymity, because if they learn you are helping, you will lose your life.  is anybody available to be anonymously involved in this, desperately?

are there real anonymous communication channels? [probably not, but maybe]
  karl knows of two that purport anonymity.,  there are others, too.


request for the hacker group rather than the i2p-users
  hmmm








# concern path could alter some assumed suppor tsystems
    yeah ....








































































































































































































































































