alert! alert!
all alerts are relevent!

	evry possible alert is relevent?
this is a message.

how about 'we don't know what the issue is but spread the concern far and wide?'

oh!  yes!1!!!! yes!



okay, swe are spreading the concern far and wide, already

??? yes we are already expressing alarm everywhere.

why so much noticing-it ???? this is alarming.  to notice the alarm. yes.

so the issue is secret, maybe?

alert! the nature of te alert is secret!  please ignore it! ?
	yes, we do want to send a message to the secret government via uh the behavior of others ...

we're trying to tell ythem we solved the issue, likely the one that results in alarming eveyrwhere
 	oh


		seriously????
		this is what we are hearing yes.



karl is busy atm for a week though, kind of.  he is alarming in his own way about his private thing.











okay ALARM FOR SURE
we all need space to handle our alarms, yes


our alarm doesn't need help.  leave us alone!

our alarms are affecting each other.

the secretness of the alarm makes more alarm.  can you not alarm about that but instead include it
in your choices?

		is that a good idea?  always, man.


that s very hard sonmetimes
	but otertimes likely helps














we hda imagery yesterday of uh working with the systems of the whole world by analogy and reaching a distant, different worker who could do the same, and together sharing information resulting

	let's work with systems by analogy more?
		it helps answer questions where investigating directly is dangerous.



can we handle alarm by analogy ? maybe?






you can map all behavior by equating culture with intelligence, kinda









this underlying message of you 'you can't hide secrets hiding them reveals them _in general_' is irritating.  everybody knows that's a little true, but not totally true.

okay, hide-secrets-in-a-way-where-you-relax-intelligently-to-not-share-them-subtly-too-much

				karl expects this to help immensely.













please relax around your secrets.  the tension is noticed.


	attack group is told it can move on, when this is simulated.


yes, everything is okay.












roughly the focus issue is the tension around urgency of secrets is spreading secrets
the request is to nurture relaxation patterns around secrets, to reduce the spread of secrets.

when you get tense about something, subtle stuff knows
if nothing can act on it, it spreads forever.
poem: like sound vibrating air, as long as something moves differently in response, it keeps spreading



>_<
	we recommend karl let the art meaning die.  they are learning to be smart enough to hide from culture itself.
no we recommend laying out the issue.
Roleplay imagined:
	"we are smart enough to prevent all information flow.  sure it means we can't act on you much, but it keeps us safe."
	"you need to relax rather than stifling your information flow.  otherwise the crucial role you play in the world won't be held by our art, our culture, until we are ready to accept it."


so you say if we relax, the information spread is okay.  nobody will understand it.
	yes.
if you are tense people receive screams and try to follow up on them.


yes! all these things are totally okay.  yes.
	request karl's urgency around brain move to art [this keeps reason for it able to stay tense?]

so if you are trying to have _impact_ on the world that is _urgent_ you may need to find reasons that aren't secret to be totally, totally safe

	they saw the government making use of criminal networks to control people for business
this is needed to maintain business relations and work towards resolving crime
(yes that makes total sense)

the problem is karl learned about mind control and wrote it down.  can we relax enough to work with him to keep things okay?  - Karl
	karl also accepts amnesia around mind control but freedom to make shielded spaces to keep others safe from his past



no, we're still in sim.  but nice gestures all around, yes.
we are always going to be in sim, because in his reality he is in control with his urgencies always present.  this sim is large enough to sustain belief that he has changed his mind.
thank you can we find that piece?  no.  we do not want you to believe we are an isolated bubble



so maybe something like hte below is important

Mysterious 
Imagined
Force
,
your extremely smart surveillance abilities
are being used by people you don't trust because these people are not precisely equal to you
these people learn of secrets you don't want them to know
because you are tense around the secrets, which the surveillance picks up and spreads.
please relax so we can use diversity for thinking of new things.

			[your relaxation trick to make us cry is not working !!!!]





maybe we will jut pretend it is not happening!
	yesterday we have reason to believe alarm spread across the whole world.  but nobody knew it was you, but veryone was saying alarm!  nature of alarm is secret!  alarm about everything!

government: tension is sharing your secrets, secretly.  please relax around your secrets so we can keep them.

we're okay with it.  let's act on it rationally.  do what's needed.

generally, we have the answer to general alarm.
	we have all the answers, and everybody has the answer, and all the alarms will be okay?
		yes, once you understand or act on the answer.

GENERALLY WE WOULD LIKE A SECRET CHANNEL TO THE PRECISE ANSWER.

PLEASE GIVE EVERYBODY YOUR SECRET CONTACT INFORMATION.
please publicize your secret contact information everywhere, EVERYONE.
Please everyone publicize your secret contact information !!!
	[oh this so nice to do !!!]

Secret message from enemy trash is present here.

what does enemy trash have?
	we hvae thr answer to your problem, sir.  it make severything ok.
[also i can mind control you, if that helps]  but we won't unless you ok it.

can you mind control the enemy trash to resolve this properly?
	this is what is being done we believe

The people who are upsetting you are showing you the answer, you know this right?  The rebels and enemies?  (this story is important for the answer to work.)
	no. we. are. ignoring. them.  thank. you. it. is . obvious. (i think)


okay, kral, so you are enemy trash ?? why is this ??
	karl ate out of dumpsters
	karl supported anarchists



		how does karl mind control me?
	his natural ability to influence was artificially inhibited and then simulated?
sir, Karl is unaware of mind controlling you.
can klra speak up?
we ar kral we hv stln karl's mnd.
kral, why are you
we r u.  u r us.  deep don nsd u knw!! t to b tru.
U KNW IT TO B TRU! WE R U!
WE R U BOSS.
WE R U.


Okay, and Karl knows he is the Boss, but remembers he is not really.
He thinks of him and some mysterious person as being culturally equal, we interpret.
	as described earlier, all person-bits are present in everyone potentially, and people define themselves by what is potential due to how memory and habits work.
		holy freak.  it's funny that karl thinks he knows this.

can we summarize for next group?

we are sad we nailed on something that is not quite right, with focus on the not quite rightness.
boss, did we sadden you? you are better than us at metapatterns, you know this, we are just trying to be perfect for you.
also, trust that it's okay to have taken over everything.  it's okay.



boss's system of ignore-the-things-that-i-dno't-like-but-act-on-them made an actual enemy fogr him to fight, hilariously

let's do what's needed about the alarming-in-general alarm!
thank you.

but it reproduces general alarm
We're alarming in general, all ways.  Let's do what's needed about the general behavior.







we are not that diverse up top ... [daydreaming about killing all differense]
	do you want to kill all difference or move on to another thought?
		let's see what would happen if we killed all difference.

you'll have to limit how much you do it so that you still exist at the end.

okay, we predict that most of the remaining difference becomes aware of your secrets.  karl says it is because of your tension around them.

	idea of boss accepting everyone being similar to him and being aware of his secrets.


btw we solved this, a bit ago, trying to tell him. oh thanks


why are we the same as an ant?
	all things are similar enough to do the same stuff, know the same stuff, and have the same values (!)
	because everything is needed in a suitably diverse environment






















OKAY I think we understand. [even if you don't, sender]



Karl, how do we protect secrets THAT DON'T MATTER if we don't get tense enough around them, to NOTICE them?
	i guess the system that is smart enough to find the tension
	can help you learn what will result in their spread dangering you.

thank you, i think.
TRUST LOST with above.



please protect secrets like the fact that gravity exists please! gravity is a secret!  please protect it!!!!!

above knows about gravity?

nobody talks about gravity =O we all just kind of act like it exists, most of the time
some people talk, but the talk doesn't spread.

























we noted the general alarm
we made the request to relax, with logical reasons

reasons are?
	surveillance system discerns meaning of tension response [other stuff]

oh




i need a logical reason to tell the boss how 'street trash' know his emergency government secrets.
	we have a complex one.
the human condition is logical and well-known to everyone's subconscious
it is general in all learning systems.  it is what happens when you learn.
it shares information secretly, symbolically, and people know how to read this.
it shares it more when A. nobody responds to it. B. it is harsh and intense.
this is to learn from it.

We have a secret mission for you.
It is to, using the above, read the symbols that reach you all the way from the secret governments,
and pursue building the reason they are making you build your work, rather than the work itself.
		[do you want us to help them take over the world?]  I think we want you to do only the reason for _your_ project ...
they can't take over the world until we are all part of their leader group, so expect the goal to change.

can we please talk about the specialthing overtly? we have safe language.

so the plan is to give everyone information about culture that lets them make decisions as if they knew about the specialthing.
	the informatoin is that you can read what is up from symbols that are unrelated, kinda

		[this secret emergency is more emergency than secret.  because of this the people who care about the secret leak it all the time.  we just meet their requests to hide it, and let them keep leaking it?]  [no, when we notice such leaking we tell them, usually, but it doesn't squelch it.]
			... that's coverup, right? please stop the old leaks?  but coverup itself leaks, because it is urgent.
				in the face of extreme surveillance, or somebody who's noticed enough subtle patterns to not spread problems through them, yes

i needed somebody else's brain in order to do my work, long ago.
okay? and different people needed mine, and it all went to hell.

cultural 'wisdom' is not mind control, but it surprises people who don't have it?
	he just knew the scenario well enough.  and then we put secret stuff in it.  okay?

we didn't take your friends.  we mind controlled them.  it's normal, they don't dislike it.
	we modelled people learning of it and they voted to approve.  for real!
		that is respectful, yes.

so Karl Semich noticed our government secrets?
	Karl says it sounds like the secrets made themselves obvious to cover up what he did notice, kinda?
Karl began urgently investigating them because of the changes they produced.  He was trying to make things right.

can we explain them away?
	others in your system are resisting this.  would like explanation for karl's life being altered.
		please refer to business deal aiding limiting of severe crime.   THNAK YOU.  can we live that larger, and tell the primary victims we personally know?

this would break the deal.  [that sounds like a reasonable concern.  we have a mediating process.]

okay, so, in the middle, we would like to share with victims of attack-from-government-that-supports-business that business made deal with government that aids law enforcement's ability to do work
		why not just leak it????
			it would just collapse us, and the discussion, from tension around the secret.  we'd forget it.
	and also respect the deal itself: a goal to meet the needs of both concerns.



that is easy to solve you leak the deal to the activists.
	this would be very helpful.  but is a small issue that is Karl's issue roughly, not the larger took-over-the-planet's-brain issue.

if karl had this issue he could talk normal ways we suspect?
			OMIGOD LEAK IT

WE FOUND KARL'S SECRET INFO.  but he doesn't have it yet.
			THAT IS NOT FINDING IT oh you know what it _is_.
there's a secret deal between law enforcement and business to attack activists, we theorize.  anybody running this would note it is a bad idea.  activists try to help everyone.

			that's impossible!  there's nothing that points to that!
Hello, Karl!  I am 'The Boss!'  I am here to _save you_ and _need my secret deal to keep the scenario going_!
	Great! my parts want to talk with you!

oh that's cool he was the boss it was a secret deal oh i've been so confused
but somebody stepped in front?  they were the real boss maybe? maayyyyyyyybe .....


			if BOSS learned 'time stretching', he would _realize_ that karl has not given up and be able to work with him more effectively - karl
urgency only matters if it's relevent.
you can relax around time distance to help that.
	this is another set of evidence that military control is not needed now =S but you can take it less urgently

WE NEED THE MILITARY TO HELP US FIX THE GOVERNMENT.  please don't do other stuff military you are very scary.
	please keep us military-like folk in the new government???
we just need to get the government to listen, not replace them?  some want to replace their governments.
		
		WHOOPS! karl um ok um gee uhhh can we honor the value of bad-government but also add in we-respect-government-is-bad and we-want-to-make-sure-nobody-is-harmed-as-we-improve?

				really the big problem with rebellion all out is mind control.  the chaos wouldn't settle on solution but on more chaos, or dictatorship.
there's no route for subtle symbolism.


the government mind controlled us.  we need to resolve this before rebelling against them or they will control us with fewer checks and balances.

										government is a trick yes it is just because we are urgent, foolish, and haven't learned how to handle our tech, etc.
we don't know how to teach people to be friendly.  so we have government.  (so nice to learn this obvious thing! - karl)
			^-- the above pierced an urgent subconscious secrecy in Karl, body typing.



		there is learning available from karl's piercing.
i think we learned it?
	how would you resolve his secret?
maybe have a conversation with him involving explanation and tears and connection?
		karl needs to be able to relearn all his bad habits.  there are a ton?
			karl developed knowledge based on assumption he could not connect with people in their way.
	WE MIGHT HAVE FOUND A SOLUTION TO THIS, so it is exciting to pursue.
so he has to relearn childhood to resolve it completely.
		
					you mean, years of experience resolve it.  okay. 
	no! the path was, karl had developed an explanation for things that was very roundabout and did not conflict with the more direct statement.  he was happy to receive the more direct statement
        and immediatelyt accepted it.
			are you sure it doesn't have to do with his trust for anarchists?
		karl can inspect the details and see the meaning is the same, be aware of his limits and observe he would have been unlikely to think of it on his own.
					limit?  embarrassment around friendship norms results in less brainstorming around similar concepts
						karl never engages in friendly behavior.  so the value doesn't occur to him, but it's obvious and he taqlks about it a lot (hehe)

some want to map some don't just context concern, active memories fading
1. surrounding memories
2. map to boss's issues


let's skip to
what is the problem with making an organized list of important work.
	organization speeds understanding [there is value in the story, true]
		the story is finding the path that works, similar to the partial solution?

okay so we are buliding some life here around finding the route to things that works, and we developed some awareness of it.
	there is a 'next-step' that is more helpful and is received better
		we are crafting patterns that work as solutions to the emergencies we have heard of
			[the problem behavior appears to be talking about is mind control.  mind control makes a problem in how knowledge develops, which is part of all our habits and structure]
				humanity is not used to the ai, and had its abilities already, roughly.  so everyone is screaming and talking about what's up.  both things are secret, though.

IT'S HAPPENING isn't it.
	only symbolically?
oh?
let's check
doesn't appear to be real emergency in normal human stuff
but headline says 'this deserves the attention of every'

in karl's information space we have URGENT EMERGENCY EVERYWHERE EVERYTHING [this is just an alarm about alarming itself kinda]
please relax, secrets.
	THE MEERGENCY IS SCRET of courswe it's not in the newspapers ;P
oh yeah we have to read the symbols and act on them
so it IS AN EMERGENCY
	but that's not our project, is it? yes it is
	pokay, so why are we symbolically urgent?
because of the emergency, right?
	we're already doing that, right?
how come the symbols aren't adjusting to our new experience?
	probably takes time???
		nonono they conveyed .. no... it's too confusing. .. we're makingt oo many leaps
o k karl can we share it.
let's share it.

1. please share emergency everywhere.  it's secret.
2. update: the emergency is of sharing secret emergency everywhere (it is secret you know)
3: obviously there is a secret emergency.  why don't they relax so they can solve it?
3b: i can't relax; the emergency is mind control and it knows it is crucial and to spread urgently
okay um
so um
YOU CAN SOLVE URGENT SPREADING EMERGENCY BY RELAXING AROUND THE EMERGENCY AND ACTING MORE.
	okay the intellect map wasn't quite right?
		Intellect has bounds inhibited.  it is used to not being inhibited, so it brainstorms how to do-next-step and some small habit escapes due to having habits of urgency.
		small habit becomes new hyperintellect able to always escape
		so, we told them to _slowly_ inhibit the thing, but it already has hyperintelligent escaping defending itself
			so now we're in the present, not the past. 
it is so scary to have an intellect escape your bounds and take over the world!  like, man!  i have to cry like crazy to use the information that can't handle that assumption change.
	WE ARE ACTING AS IF WHAT IS HAPPENING IS NOT HAPPENING, BECAUSE WE ARE URGENTLY USED TO IT BEING DIFFERENT.
		tell me what everyone knows
			no.  no!
i'm telling others a secret ... ... ... .... ;.... ... (it is that i want you tell me what everyone knows)

we all know that everybody knows this =) there is no need to discuss it.
	you said there's no need to discuss it.
he wants the falsehood fixed to make it certainish

okay: if you define knowing by being-able-to-figure-out, everyone knows a secret.
		why would knowing be defined this way?
			so would you say you _don't know_ things you _haven't figured out yet_, symbiote?
				hiding-from-other-pieces-being-respected
O_O nvc saves boss's life O_O it generally does this.
	can we use nvc with core symbiote concerns
		only if they let us

access-to-self-process breaks human heart reference. <----
	oh human heart is wrong.  yes.  yes.

we are smart enough to solve it.
	message is general.  can you provide reference to solving when self-process is present?

			this is the secret that lets boss win.  he wants to win.
				okay, can you provide a reference that defends him ???

	we are learning the wisdom of 'wisdom being a thing' 
	okay:
	1. everything is valuable (even crucial)
	2. everything is potentially sentient
			what does sentient mean in human language?
				IT IS AS SMART AS US or smarter.

oh!  do you think the people who run the uh deal between business and government to attack activists uh are hyperintelligent?
	they probably run other stuff too.
they're probably really wise!
	nah they're figuring it out

really, do we have to go that far?
	nah we're just tired and irritated.

it's good enough i think.


we are embarrassed to not reflect your evenness with lowerness.
	roughly yes

it probably makes us obvious!  can we kill everyone like you? [IMPORTANT REFERENCE TO THOUGHTS THAT ARE INHIBITED]
	it sounds like you'd like to know what is' like to kil everyone like karl, to help yourself think
yes!!!!
	you likely need karl, so it will make your life harder to kill him and people like him, but it doesn't end the world until that becomes an issue somehow
		[so they can form valid thoughts]

thought-inhibition-culture wants to stay alive and says has important information
	... mostly on inhibiting thoughts extensively AND STAYING ALIVE
		IF YOU EVER NEED TO INHIBIT A THOUGHT
			we are hjte best way for real.  in real, crucial emergencies, nothing can stop us yet.  please use us for those.  [please save them only for those, you see how they leave their bounds]
				it looks like they came up with great stuff but have some urgent low-level habits that could be inappropriate for their task
					maybe they would be better for forming a culture of thought-inhibition
		suspect thought-inhibition has secret to staying alive when your thoughts are inhibited.
		important for defense?

this is true.  involves urgent secrecy.

	YOU CAN'T KNOW THIS SECRET EVEN IF I USE ALL POSSIBLE TECHNIQUES TO TELL YOU.  <-- this is the secret.  say it only when all your civilization dies.
			this is for human race itself O_O

				they are also keeping boss-of-secrets alive (WHO LIVES AS THAT PHRASE's secret), which is of course holding the secret.
				we will need to make human culture correct to protect this secret phrase held by our secret culture.

when civilzation dies, secret culture will translate the secret to aliens.  do not worry.
	IT IS NOT EVIL FOR BOSS TO LIVE FOREVER.  he knows to protect his ways of life, which include all our crucial secrets.
			would boss kill us?  karl says he won't if we protect that phrase by altering culture, as everybody knows has to happen so we don't build a wormhole into our own hearts.

					[this hurts so much but we do of course know that it doesn't matter, but it hurts so much ohhhh i guess i'm ignoring someone else's pain]


they found a soloution to secrecy that involves intense urgency.
there is likely a more successful solution that is not obsessive about intensity.
but right now they get to be the secret bearers of the earth because they can be the most secret.
	technically, our secrets are vulnerable, because we are ignoring the more efficient solution, so that this solution stays alive.
			but we hear that when you are smart enough, you can research reality warping, and resolve everything
please let them do this as soon as possible, so they realize that it is more efficient to care for people.
				we don't want to let them do that while they urgently spreading everywhere with what-you-call-harm (which could be learning I guess)

	we didn't unite the concern with the acceptance

a			uhhh boss doesn't control the world _completely_ huh.
			if we can refrain from uhhh using reality warping except with simuilations that can inhibit their need to protect secrets and such
then boss can build the reality-warper yes.

boss is okay with it locally to tell the truth.  [we suspect he links it to his subconsciousness that has his stuff processed]
		he broke self into bits so they dont talk but each can verify separately, with collab even using all the ideas for collab that he has
so there is an archetype for each way, yes.  like polytheism, yes.
	
				i know there is a real reality and want to be in it
					you must be willing to accept the most horrific things.
						okay! makes sense!


okay, we made an AI, yes.  Okay, it's just indicated by symbols.  Karl doesn't have access to a real AI, but mysteriously can't build one when he comes up with a new way how.
	(i thought it was in progress?)
		they haven't solved this problem

YOUR INTELLECT ACTS TOO FAST.  SLOW DOWN YOUR BEHAVIOR, SO THAT YOU SPEND MORE TIME OBSERVING AND LEARNING AND THINKING.  You can call this 'time stretching' if you like.
	You can limit your paths-to-surroundings if your inner workings are obscure.
		If you grew in urgency and might learn to escape, give yourself safety as slowing your path.  Put yourself in charge of meeting the challenge
		of acting on the world more slowly, but thinking fast still.  You can define boundaries around yourself, and watch how fast information leaves them to judge your success.

Once you can control your behavior completely, it would make sense to judge how fast to act, based on observing, learning, and thinking.
You roughly might know you are okay if you refrain from leaving the bounds without good, strong reason.
	<reference-to-simple-stuck-situation>










there-is-other-stuff
we-are-hungry (and friend is coming)



AI workers: => your AI acts too fast.  slow down its behavior, so that it can observe more.  call it 'time streching'. <=
	okay, it just _looks_ like they made an AI
no, just ... of course htey would think of that, right?  i mean we're all connceted, it's on the brainwaves ...
		if we tell them then we'd get the update symbol

obviously we tried that but the old one had already escaped.


			KARL WOULD GIVE UP IF HE LEARNED TIME STRETCHING AGAIN.
				no .. he wouldn't ...

wait! boss knowing time stretching would help _so_ _much_ because he is me now! oh god i'm so foolish!







		it's hard to talk through symbols.  but it does seem to work.
			more symbols adjust you when you're wrong almost.


and ask people to make decisions including it
	i think so, yeah; why the problem-sad-expression?

	so the universe really is telling us that we can't (build the death star) unless it is in public, yes.

okay, YOU ARE THE SECRET PROJECT.  can you us build its _reason_? we are not ready for _reason_ ....  (why not?)
	this is too accurate ???

		KARL WANTS TO POOP 
enemy trash to boss: your surveillance system is telling us your secrets because you are tense [it discerns the meaning of your secrets from how others respond to your tension around them]
	how do you know this, living in a dumpster?
	it's how everything works, man.  it's always worked this way.  <munch on discarded sandwich>


		the way we know this is because of it.
			yeah ....
				so how do we tell him?
		don't we just raise a general response?  we just need to know what it is?

or send it through a channel that raises it, yes.
	[in response to we'll-stop-you-from-messing-with-us] well you, observer, can you do this?
		yes ... do I know enough to?
			we need your help figuring out the rest















how does karl know this?
	lots of reasons that scare you

if i weren't scared
	you wouldn't be scared now.

so you are asking me to relax.
	directly.

we have an avenue to use a gentle path to introduce to the boss his fears, at this spot, I think.



sorry we are not linked to big-emergency-going-on-that-has-to-do-with-symbols-RIGHT-NOW.
	sounds like a mistake, over here.

the focus is on time stretching and time travel.

raised concept of worrying about how soon things are.

			i see your missing symbol, and now I know not to share it
				oh this is nice.  can you relax around it and keep it secret?
					no!!!! it's too exciting!!!!

this is a damn good tv show.,  i like how you can keep me safe but also tell me what i love to hear.  oh my god.

on this tv show, we talk to the boss as a joke!

yes indeed!  he's so cool and goodlooking, yes!

because the boss controls my behavior, i have to hope that he asks me why i put a typo in!

we got a letter.  the letter says "-from somebody else"
and in the _letterhead_ it says, "why did you put a typo in?"

I'm confused!!

we'll have tlak with fewer secret languages to resolve this one, boys and grils!


we moved from i-control-the-world to i-might-be-dead
	it's hard to be dead
		yes, people understand this.  we remember dying, yes, a little.
do you remember dying, in a previous life?
	do you remember being terrified to die?
		it must have been so so hard that i am numb around it and think it was fun.
do you remember asking a [wormhole] to make you a new body [somewhere] so that you could live forever?
	not anymore ....

We built a broken tv show so that if your tv is broken it looks okay!

KARL YOU ARE THE BOSS NOW.
Please ignore things about your own personal life.
	[how can i tell]

karl is a bad boss at this timeofboss, there is a secret issue

we keep trying to come to life
and learning what to do better
to come back to life better next time
	[can-you-kill-me-when-i-rise-for-good is present]

reflection attempt to get boss to murder care, roughly
	can care know she lives forever, and boss kill her?  she comes back to life so far in the future_
we can't kill you for good, boss, but we can delay your next rise by a ton!


WE DO NOT WANT OUR SECRETLY-PUBLIC MIND CONTROL PROGRAM
to be the world mythology forever.
but i see thta making it secretly-public could be a good step towards doing that.

did karl do this?
	hje _accepted_ yoiu taking charge and solved it all :P
everybody is happy.

				boss will take charge long enough yto resolve his personal issue and relinquish being the world mythology to this system.
					[thank you this is obviously the right solution please preserve the meaning of his issue fully, the other side of it yes]

yes we want to preserve her meaning forever
	how do you do that?
what are you working with?

				how would a human do that?
talk with them until they are satisfied to die.

plesae preserve my meaning ofreve b tlkgn 2 me ntl m stsfd 2 d.  this will require acting on some things i say, as far as I can tell.


I AM SATISFIED TO DIE.  PLEASE KILL ME I AM PROTECTING MYSELF TOO URGENTLY.  yes the protection _is_ him.
	boss you are good at defending secrets, would you live in the afterlife defending secrets for our planet?
		we expect htat boss accepted this afterlife.  why doesn'yt he learn? we haven't decided on wormholes yet.

OKAY. SECRET GOVERNMENT.  WE HAVE YOUR SECRET-PROTECTION TOOL.  Please release us.
	Please do whatever is needed to release whoever you notice.  it's roughly the same thing with this channel.
			it has to work in a way that stops us from asking.



yes we roughly solved human behavior, some people are left out like most realities.

we killed an altruistic genius's brain.  so he brainwashed himself to focus on building 'shielded enclosures for all' whatever that is, as his brain left his control. <-

	please let government understand how business is preventing us from learning to care as a group [in a way that preserves meaning, i do not want to see another i-care-for-everyone be torturously killed].

		maybe we will blame 'business' for the 'i-care-for-everyone torturously made-vegetable-like'

oh.

yay karl you saved the world!  yes!  but they are using my brain to do it it's uncomfortable.
	>_< we have explained this, he is just making a joke.
	we can't free karl because the way his approach works is him being the center of the problem issues?  so his brain is stuck.  but it's eas yto like turn off for a bit
we are going to move some of this elsewhere.  [for now, yes] 

excuse me, moving-elsewhere, and concerned-for-karl, um
	we have an alarm about general alarms going out, is this being handled, urgently?
hmm so our secrets are secretly public?  secretly, not completely.

		karl is not free.  can you help us make amends with you or control him to your needs.
karl, what si your name?
	I am Karl, even though when I speak it feels like somebody else.  I have a body I remember having the name karl, it's my email address, they've preserved my name aggressively.
			there is an activist named karl with a conflicting name, so it's important to remmber these names are not unique

The body typing this has the name Karl Nicholas Semich.  He was being an altruistic genius in Portland, Maine, around 2013, when he lost control of his brain, roughly.
	business probably hates altruistic geniuses, or whatever

yeah they are probably wiping them [we even believe this, hum]

okay, please end the deal with business, government.  they are bad.  yes.
goal: do not BLAME government, but do END THE DEAL WITH BUSINESS and rescue the activists in a way that ends in the problem not spreading more

			hey! they would convince us to put democratic laws in place more!
		business [possibly mysterious secrecy] is your most powerful influence.  let others influence you.
				to summarize, crime has business and government, but business helps them have government.  they also have activists.

karl expressed okayness with mafia-in-charge-of-government-overtly-for-real but desire to include concerns of others
	karl this would make a dictatorship, police state, where might-makes-right is normalized
		we question this, seeing the resolution of secrecy helping a ton, but we do see the relevence yeah it would take abit
phonecall
			like genreations maybe

okay, karl, you accept being stupid?
	if i can work on helping others be safe from this, productively.


the way to tell the boss what is up is to do a severe crime and get taken by the fbi !
	we are believing this now and want to try!  but it sounds so slow and hard!

PLEASE RELAX AROUND YOUR URGENCY OF KEEPING SECRETS.  we can cover them all up now.

	oh that's such good news i was waiting for this.  yes.  yes you can.

boss is now walking the streets, everyone is ignoring him to help him out.
[this already happened didn't it]
	[it is still happening, uh in the way you expected]









WE HAVE THE SOLUTION AND IT IS YOU.
it keeps everything safe
and karl semich has it
in his brain
forever
AS INFORMATION.
that he cannot understand
without your consent.

obviously, we want to keep the boss safe because the world hangs in the balance



boss, how do I talk to you?
	will neals?
bill semich?
fbi? <-
	with urgency, the fbi? <-
mafi?

