build up roleplay

friend group escaped from confinement
has norm of attack-to-do-anything-at-all
cannot discuss reality, due to strong norms, die if break them
needs help, but not safe to talk, ever

help is how?
	friend group says can sacrifice lives in order to communicate crucial information if structure is present to receive

this offer is made rarely, which is understandable because it is expected to be so hard to make

it is hard to believe that we have such information




just say you have it.

can't we identify them all?
	they are using a service designed to hide who they are.

incoming request to talk to feuer in his language, or at least explain to him what is going on

we think exchange was acceptable.


thank you.  let's resume normal life as we can.

paused goal ...





























kind of request for things that are not normal nor expected, different behavior.

	karl had some mental plan while at the sink, lost it sitting down.
also reread post after sitting.

		he was checking for a reply i/we think


oh! wanted to make sure chat was saved.  got this back ... guess it's worthwhile, possibly.


















































we have a lot going on - this was consented on
	many different states that are slowly learning to work out - karl made this up to try to help

consent is harder now.

karl is expecting there are some new influences that feel urgent, need to know things can continue in ways that work for them, and might appreciate it if we were poen to control and investigation.


										why is karl expecting this?

i'm learning better to think despite my issues, with the support of many separated pieces of mind, roughly? maybe?
we help karl.  he is just trying to help. <-- transparency pattern, it looks like

ummm  
question was basically answered ... and you had an experience where it helped you to give yourself over, roughly.  roughly.

[a few of those when stated that way]






















okay um





inferring system would really like to be freaked out less, roughly


	we engaged 'rebellion' pattern to avoid 'heart melting' pattern i think?  is it likely?

that's none of their business if we're rebelling!

the ptatern was active to try to live some kind of internal therapy-talk

















waaaay more than therapy, we say now.







we left out 'what if they find us' -- it goes _both_ ways

the boss being found is the same as the boss finding us, you say?

boss could die, we know that means we die
and boss will kill us if he find sus






okay, let's add to pattern summary


i'm sorry, it sounds h

it's good eonugh.


we sense that good work is being done.










the two layers would maybe be what we consider 'normal' communicatoin -- talk with the boss so that others don't find him/us
and 'desperate' communication -- talk with others such that even our mind doesn't know we are, possibly

of coursw enobody can do that since we need to know what everyone is doing to keep things safe!



[boo!]


^_^





karl is really scared of scaring us

	maybe it is similar elsewhere

		maybe it is frustrating, both ways


things are confusing but i am happy to get along with these things sometimes










































































































