1. boss-could-die associated with rough-situation-learning.
	ummmm so if i see you watching me and learning about how we work
	my watcher could see me not stopping that and hurt both me and you
	similarly your fighters could find me and hurt me
	Okay?  they've learned to watch your brains with urgency and still need to protect the secret.  so don't even think about what they might be like. quote-unquote

we need to be more complex 'up top maybe' in order to work these edgy scenarios.  repeated expression from within karl.


		'it's so funny that karl thinks he's involved!'
			safe bubble for talk
		funny =) i even still think it! -karl roleplay

severe bubble spawns
karl could be killed when his usefulness expires
	[karl figures this is a game and tries to hide his belief that he won't be]
sever bubble dead.

we likely need some severe bubbles
	we're holding them, just not in karl where they die

holding-attackness-with-cultural-meaning-value  expect this to include the second in a wise person who can properly envision the reality of it, which is inhibited in karl
holding-attackness-with-guttural-energy-value

then-we-will-also-hide-our-secret
	can we orchestrate proper secret paths for scenarios

group has continuing path outside?
referenced recently.
that went in the bubble too.  they were letting us know.

summary might be osmething is misisng from copy-paste above?
SEVERITY group. maybe?

not sure either.  how do you translate ...
	is it that it sounds so shallow and isn't harsh enough to be immediately held deathly?
		well yeah but can't you translate that to something different that's equivalent that would map?
they want a trust label.

uhh bubble broke yes
ok yes um hmm

it sounds like fear of seeing being watched was building and buliding. [which means higher and higher chance of action, on either side]
a request for ignoring rough scenarios.

so bubble is intact! seems like it
=S can we forget about it for a bit, rather than understanding? so confusing =S
okay, we'll try to force a guess at it







it sounds like a request that we stop and give some ease to the distant issues.
	[especially when referncing rough scenarios, which could look like uh surveilling-with-intent-to-attack]

[yes boss could die, which means we die, if we ever say this, so stop on that page over there, here too]
	OKAY we were forcing him to talk, which is a rough scenario.  there is no way to act proper.  yeah that's why menaing-input was =insufficient, maybe
time to go to other page
why hard to delete document?
	i think memories are using it.  spend time memorizing?
OKAY THEN.


Okay, so what you're doing here is fun/cute/etc.
Also very rough for some of us.
We're probably here to tell you how incredibly rough this is, in the language you are talking.

It is simplest to say that straight.  We are just going with what people say.

if you can't do that, recommend we memorize it now and send it over.


