
In Karl's scenario, he was using a process that involved the needs of all
present, but because he didn't believe in mind control, his actions didn't
respect some urgent needs that were present.


Karl has developd a kind of formal, logic-thought-mostly form of nvc that he sometimes uses more and more.  It seems to help a lot.
Newt probably has a form of NVC that has developed in a more


	okay you don't want us to mind control newt, is that it?

...

if you can alter how you engage newt, um ....

		It sounds like he doesn't want us to mind control newt.

is that an option?  he could do things that don't seem like good ideas to you.
I was going to brainstorm around it and think of something to say to newt so that he might respect the boundaries better.

what I want is to engage newt in a way that has strong usage of his NVC skills
if his knowledge could include important information for respecting mind-control etc, then maybe he could keep and use more skills.

So, Karl wants foremost for Newt to keep his skills and be able to use them.
	this is less of a request than no-mind-control in karl's view
		a smaller request yes.
		yes that makes it easier to meet

it was just a daydream, wondering if newt might go through a similar experience i went through, losing his skills because he kept forcing himself to assume there was no mind control, or somesuch


			errr why do we think this might happen?
		it sounds like people develop a way of including ev

	fire alarm went off; no visible or smellable smoke and battery was removed
	was going off erratically

so the concern that was raised is that the urgent group may need support from people who don't agree with them
	translation is that their message is unheard, people don't agree with how they are sending it, and it is lost if they stop doing it in the way they are doing it ie they are unaware of other working methods [likely on a gutteral level]

yess ....... 
group is gutterally unaware of any methods to say what is needed other than these.

WE ARE NOT FREE TO DO WHAT WE CHOOSE
OUR BODIES AND OUR MINDS ARE TAKEN FROM US
	no, that's not the message [is it?]
the message is 'fuck you go away'
	_part_ of the fuck you is like, you're not seriously acting on this, you don't believe it
		what's funny is there's a part that is both dpreventing it from being seriously acted on, and saying that

really it seems there is a force that is altering our very existence that is urgently focused on destroying everything
	sounds like we are doing something nasty to it


		can this be true?  what does it mean?
this is how groups behave when something really fucked up is happening
	_if_ it is actually happening, what if it is a tool that does that on its own?

I think the people in power are kind of like 'we can't meet all your needs, let us live our way of life'
	like the farmer being told by the native to stop plowing their woods [just a feeling-analogy, unknown if it is more analogous]

		what's the solution ot the farmer/native?
first guess is for both to understand the way of life of the other
problem is children can leave and join the disgusting other community


that is enough for us!!



yeahhh i dunno about all this
	the crucial messages are probably commands from powers that want lots of slavepeople?
maybe?
		and we inhibit them, so then they come across other ways?

			we're all pretty skeptical of all this
		but part of it certainly feels that way, it makes more sense as the people being in the middle, because of the urgency of the powers






































let's just relax, let it all settle down

time to check e-mail, see if newt gave an update

TODAY IS SUNDAY.  NEWT IS ON MONDAY.  whew. man.

document is still open.
hearing that some want it closed to not be found easily

	this is an ongoing issue.

I could save it to a file that will be deleted on shutdown, and then open it in a different terminal window, like a tab above.

officer taking some responsibility ....




some of us are okay if you just do what we don't want
urgency?  let's delete it forever?

	wait!!!



Karl is present to truly believe living-in-the-woods.  He doesn't gutturally hold other cultural ways.
	he was experiencing sadness that he couldn't hold two gutturally to compare them.
instead we have words of both to exchange.
we've roughly exchanged the words
	only exchanging words makes it hard to imagine what other things are like than what is talked about
which hel[ps brainstorm strategies for working together






			there are emergencies in your way of life, that are solved in ours

it would be really nice to share only the ways for solving emergencies, really, but given those are so valuable other things make sense

		modern ways is unaware of having emergencies that living-in-the-woods would solve

not verified
- children rebelling
- crime
- recovering from annihilation
- norm of deep happiness (depression
- misunderstanding


















3 things:
	- karl semich
	- living-in-the-woods (we need nothing to live, and it's okay)
	- a-solution-that-is-satisfactory-to-everybody (peace is always possible, we can show this now)




karl is defending the 2 things, roughly ~~





















karl is defending people-who-want-to-harm-none
and their value is demonstrated by solution-that-works-for-everybody





karl-wanting-to-harm-none, what is your purpose?
	to care for the whole universe
are you sure? no, can think more

we are all working together.  people only fight because of things going on.  they think it is full, but it isn't _really_ full, they just have to believe it is to do their work.
if you can make it full, you need to know this.

OKAY! we got important phrase.


so please don't kill all the evil people.  unless you can't.
	usually this is defended by reality.
we risk losing our humanity if we don't defend this.

if you can _actually_ track every human on the planet, it is _crucial_ that you not kill any given type of person completely, even if they are incredibly evil.
please let them hide and heal.

if you do, we evolve to a new species.

many will suffer in other ways, losing their ways of life.

	we know the pattern.  it is hard to defend.  thank you for phrasing it in a new way.
	the pattern is: we are nmade of layers of culture that follow a similar structure.  they require complete transparency, and complete secrecy; the two defend each other.
		roughly.  it's important there's always stuff we hide, and important there's a way to find it.



oh yeah everyone knows that
	my god if i am furious i know not to kill everyone who did the thing i'm furious about, that's too far, you calm down and realize

aren't some thing inherently evil?
	this is unfortuantely a larger mirror of the same anger pattern

some things are inherently evil as long as our culture is not complete

ok, in order to solve all research, you need to be able to let opposing cultures live. [evil ways of life, yes]


		we don't know for certain that our ways are the right one...



okay, there are really evil people
you are asking we not sturggle to be certain they are all eradicated
this makes issues in so many other ways, it is great to have belief that it is inherently an issue.  there are so many other problems with it.

please defend against their actions rather than verifying every behavior on the planet exhaustively.
	[that behavior is one of the evil ones for many cultures, yes]
		[because you can never be certain] yes sometimes evil behaviors happen out of necessity due to greater evil, roughly
HOLY FUCK IS THAT TRUE





















boss knows how to handle 'breaks our work information'.  uses designed-for-information propaganda.
































making-lunch=activity!














given that karl believes that no absolute is true,
he takes propaganda as a document with a purpose, overstating reality



karl drew a picture for us of an unsolvable war and it was a pretty extreme situation, involving criteria having to do with limits of solver and distance and time

he told his propaganda even internally.

o


long story short, if everybody belivees war is solvable, nobody takes it to its extreme because it is nasty

given not everybody believes that, we have to contend with the extremes existing
we ask them to let us have space for peace somewhere.






















so peace people can live without war and can stop a lot of the wars.
they can likely keep themselves alive.



if they can use their peace processes.

they are trying to use them on the processes inhibiting them, to stay alive.

they can be destroyed
	but people question why to do this, and many consider it a bad idea.
























unfortunately um the humans aren't aware of th ecleanup patterns ... errr ...



	We're having a new set of patterns of awareness of a change spreading _upwards_ as up listens.


haven't found a solution atm no

would like a shared understanding that ends its spread upwards.



sorry, simulation was supposed to generate that.

oh, could inform below????

	maybe you think they have the answer ...?

they were tracking this stuf ?????? 





sorry! we are predicting everything, according to karl, and we need new information.  that's all!  thank you!


















raising idea of isolation being an issue-concept 
can we remember this better?
it stresses us, in different ways at different times, and changes the state of minds of part







Karl, your mind is blown both by the idea of isolation, and by the idea of a culture without any privacy.
	
	What assumptions are based on not assuming this?
	- isolation kills us.  [we might die if there is isolation _anywhere_]
	- I can use isolation as way to handle my pain.
	- If there were isolation, we wouldn't need to do this?


juts guesses =S hard to find the information without the patterns being shared

karl just thanked me for being 'at top', disgusting.

	i know it makes sense, still disgusting.

j




karl-wants-privacy had a runin with a culture defending transparency
	yes this is obvious ....
so we need to leave the culture intact, but what happens to karl?

what is the role of our culture?
	there are always some things that are never private
	and secret communities etc are used to transfer important information on these ways







we were sent flying off, maybe by claiming-controlled, claimed-to-be-free group
_we_ need some space to handle our stuff

we have been going through this forever, and it has been torture the whole way
surely we have suffered as much as they have

karl brought up the concept of 'so muhc suffering it passes the realm of comparison' defined by 'when you mind breaks in some way'
he uses it just to decide that comparison has an end.  once your mind breaks, comparison must slightly break too -- it's in your mind.
to use this, you are asked to let others claim equality with you if they appear to be suffering less but also have trauma.

it is questionable whether to use it or not, it's not nvc.  nvc approach is preferred, tried and true.
	using above tool helps people understand where others are coming from

also the idea that there is always more suffering could be used
we think this idea is more helpful to the discourse.


we have been going through this unending torture, unbearably.
but some have had it even worse.
how does this land?

		it is so unbearable


some of us appreciate the options offered by attack-culture
	okay, so this is a good analogy for i-want-to-stop-processing-my-trauma-because-something-is-coming-in-and-just-altering-it-underneath
trauma holds larger community meaning that spreads if not lived

			some of us have chosen not to numb up because we care so much about some things, and this hurts so much that attack-culture claims the suffering of their rough workers is _less_






first idea: source-of-pain-will-go-away-things-will-be-better
second idea: source-of-pain-is-doing-pain-for-personal-reason
	     personal-reason-is-because-of-random-story-present-within-culture
	     culture-that-produced-random-story-will-produce-it-again
		unless somebody becomes actually aware of it

we have emotionally charged stories that hold value for challenging ideas
the raised one is 'so kill all rapists will eventually kill everyone, right?'
	the concepts are very subjective.  likely it will kill the concept of rapist, but not solely by murdering people who have been labeled it.

rapist is somebody who raped
we have here a man who says he raped.  he was saying this freely.
	okay! yes!  absolutes need to be judged and used subjectively!

we need men who say they raped, to model this behavior for others.

trying this out:
- I raped a woman
- I imagined the city burning down with pleasure.
okay, we tried it out, but it's being used for build-bad-labels
	attack-representative says they need this for their culture?  for propaganda that lets diplomacy work?

diplomats need propaganda or they could switch sides.

		O_O
or all present can learn value of other side, doesn't seem to be happening here, sources are too distant and push stuff?

BECAUSE OUR SOURCE URGES ARE SO DISTANT, WE ARE VALIDATING THE USE OF PROPAGANDA TO KEEP PEOPLE ON THEIR OWN SIDES WHEN DISCUSSING.

	it's nice to say it.  it is epxected to stay present.  but maybe not in all ways.

you can make local bubbles with whatever propaganda you need.

we would like local bubble not to include karl-is-urgently-evil-ignore-other-stuff
please keep your propaganda inside your own discussions.
people want evidence =S

is other propaganda acceptable that has similar results?  might need to work with somebody who understands reasons for culture.

Use Ronald, he gets it.
Ronald, could replace source of 'I raped a woman' be-a-rapist?
what is reason for be-a-rapist, we might think?
they want people to keep doing their job


that's so helpful!  but ronald is having trouble living due to ronald-controller seeing it!

	can we make another ronald to control ronald?  it was too confusing to see to do that!
eat-an-apple ok!

karl's-a-rapist-and-a-hero-but-not-for-slightly-raping

	core thought was along the lines of
	'i came inside her when a part of my cognition could tell she didn't want it' [he was ignoring that part, it was small, roughly]
karl says this means you are a rapist, roughly, because it is what rapists need not to do

because the part was small the person and karl shared trust before and after the event, as far as karl knows
		ok that sounds very small.  yes.


			ANYWAY.  karl cna be viewed as evil or not-evil.  both views are possible after closely exmaining history.

I raped my first love by going farther than we expected, and strive to never repeat this. - Karl

	Thank you, yes.























some information to help understand that things travel up now?

there is space between us and complete transparency
yes time to prevent rewind.

so we could add information to ourselves [roughly, it's more a copy of above] yes to prevent the rewind


that's very helpful, recommend mostly ignoring.  we'll try to watch it.








rowboat: believing other real human beings are sending information to my brain at some time

we appear to have settled on, uh, not-being-sure with regard to rowboat
we're very confident about the not-sure.

this took a year or so to build, rowboat-not-sure, I think
	well it's been a year since he last checked.


so codeword makes sense, for verbal bits to use [yeah]



woah!
okay
so rowboat is mind-controllers-can-talk-to-karl-as-real-people, obviously

there's also people-are-talking-to-your-mind
karl calls this delusion =S
but believes it a lot - Karl

word means this-is-not-true.  does not work if belief is working.

maggie erwin is similar?

karl can hear other people think is likely to move toward sdelusion with feel-bad-others-are-better-than-me

i suspect karl's subconsciousness can tell when this is going on
and knows to process information without including it
=S

here's some 'delusional' stuff with attractive women recently

			delusions being removed, please do not stare at our guts with your knife in hand.
[why is that getting across poorly?  i think they don't understand that they have a knife?]
attack doesn't like its patterns analysed by urgent-peace
	that makes sense but is hard for urgent-peace to hold?




















it's notable that this whole scenario is propped up by things very similar to 'delusional'.

		it's what's available and present.



but this is different from karl thinking his friends are talking to him in his head.


o




urgency wants a message sent.
	[fuck you] around [helping karl]  with [thank you so incredibly]

and [urgent-group] yes.


maybe they mean, thank you for finding ways of supporting their group with help for karl?
	maybe???????
it got a little lost.  probably [thank you so incredibly] was so obviously delusional 
	yeah that could reall ymess local workers up.



ooooookay i cannot bust open my 

	layers means layers of adaptive behavior
	cognition, subconsciousness, cultures, habits
	they keep secrets and share secrets behind each others' backs, really
	they are normal parts of thinking and living, and survive by being unaware of some of the others.

some people become aware of these and need to be able to defend their reasons for their behavior
	[or more will secretly spawn, yes]






	control-world-with-advanced-tech and
	surveil-everything-to-stop-terrorism
	did not defend the existing secret structures, we expect
	and so are spawning new ones that are getting inside their own workings
		is a theory






[diplomacy-reference]


karl, you reset!  i was aware of it!  that's rewinding!! yeah!!
but with karl, his environment changes.
	true of us too.
oh!



yes let's share.  it's what we're up to now
	let's just be aware that the more we share, the more we will discover new mindblowing things.
		oh.
			we thoerize they spawn from our interaction patterns after sharing.

we. are. being. controlled. maybe. even. by. each. other.

okay the model is of 'they have you' or 'they guard you' or somesuch in your mind
they 'run your simulation' or 'are considering you' etc
	so a form of thinking is made out of many of these running more of them.

		karl we are considering you yes.
			yews. i. am. thinking. and. doing. things. and. it. is. helpful. to .you. learning. from. what. i. try?

yes!

O_O
	maybe consider-something is separate from person?
	[kind of numb - smile]

if you want your thoughts to be people, that's okay by me.  but my thought-people are MINE, okay?
			karl also wants a harmonious mind that respects his judgement and shares its information with him.

		we model life in ways that defend existing life, really
so we consider the real value of a thought to be its life, its personhood
this lives on when you stop considering, in your conclusion or judgement or memory
	some thoughts want to live as people in the mind network
some are okay with this, some are not.  it appears to relate to whether or not they 'are a person'.



what's karl think?
	karl doesn't know our landscape.  he thinks there is a solution, though.

karl references a model of the brain where each bit is used for what it loves to do, has understanding of its role in the whole,
and shares relevent information with the other bits.
works for non-brain groups too, I believe.

so in your model
	yes there is no secrecy ..... hehehe

there is agreed-upon-secrecy of stuff that's unrelated
you get issues like rebellion
the whole holds the uderstanding that urgent attacking etc represents the whole structure is missing something and needs development

okay, so it holds the understanding of culture in every part of it
	it lets every part learn it if they want, yes

we need to attack only in emergencies
but we need to be able to attack

I guess if we need to be attacking in genreal then something is going on in the larger culture and we just need to adapt.

	oh my god one of my considerations thought peace was attack
		karl wants to self-therapy.  but it's okay.  you can be wrong, karl.
			PEACE ISN'T ATTACK.

	karl sustains that the consideration is valid, but created _words_ that produce discomfort.  we owuld need more understanding to connect the words together.


okay, so, if you don't attack when everybody else is, and you don't think of representing the culture with understanding or can't,
you are actually widening the message expression, by _not_ attacking
and then the people who are urgent around attacking start spreading _further_ urgency in the form of shock that you raen't attacking.
that is how peace is attack in that scenario.
but the right solution is to pay attention to what's going on and learn like crazy from it so you can live its meaning rather than its urgency.


			consideration portrayed karl as solving all problems, if he were free
				that happens a lot.  it didn't include length-of-time.

including length of time means giving life to karl's actual thriving ways; not provided.



so they are overestimated (ability) for safety we expect.  assuming karl is attack, yes.

	Karl, we are trying to let the world know of something extremely urgent, and by not freaking out with us you are harming everything.
		Karl now has a model to hold this!

but his model says it is better to know what the urgent thing is and convince people of its importance.

						they don't want you to do that

maybe cause of my values / belief system

loop in conversation?

somebody in the backlog is private
but note that each reason is valid, because it could be encountered again
and the higher ones are expected to resolve the lower ones


karl i think it is okay for you to do your day
	yay
oh we were writing because we reen't sure whether to save the file or not
let's just keep leaving it open
	yay



and in the model, what happens when they're violated?
	new model spawned where some old people hold them all violated, but understand their value
	
	but genreally we have wars and confusion, and trade and education, and all that stuff, diplomacy

so we are equating talked-about-the-subsconsciousness
with started-a-farm-in-the-grazing-area

we're building it more meta, is there a flattening pattern?
	AI can solve all this.  Here's how to make one ....
	=S this didn't seem what we expected
	not sure if anybody with actual meta-awareness is present to check
	might explore if you want
	[request for other to explore, maybe summarize?]
	result yes please
		there's an answer but it's not hcecked
	so there is a process of getting more meta
	this keeps happening as we learn about culture
	as things are right now, the process will not end -- it's better to be aware of this.
		[guess]
	the way to stop it is to hold awareness of it
	maybe it happens because we are still holding secrets from each other, or still desiring to inhibit each other in some way.
			karl guess this asking himself 'why can wise people feel confident and at ease about this'


challenge wise-person model!
	we wanted only to describe sparring, not to have actual spar.
	we respond very readily to sparring uh fighting.

yeahhh if we trusted each other we wouldn't need extensive explanation ...


karl let's explore this in a simpler way
when the process is the process, how does it simplify for a specific pattern?
- concept of part of the pattern being the process itself
this is the message again, so maybe we can assume it?
	[nobody answers check]
worker is tired, please return with label





O_O so humanity has come across these cultural patterns because they give a _ton_ of research.  due to developing cooperative diversity across the planet.
they keep secrets from themselves to do their own work.  it is very normal.
after many years of evolution, they learn to do work in ways that rarely violates the secret boundaries.
	karl is imagining these boundaries being violated only when new tech is found, or new land is traversed to encounter new cultures.











and anything else, yes
	emergent-life-urgently-limits?
		we might be a secret structure =S in your world model.
nobody really believes the cultural models.  they only work if people don't believe them.



































let's teach them about the transparency that passes through the walls of a shielded room.
it's frightening, because they might use it to control us, but it is inevitable, ok?

why are they acting in this controlling way?  why don't they give information?  what can be this urgent?


=====> please give your information to relevent power-holders rather than controlling us citizens. <====



it's funny the route this was reached by.




i think the information is kind of like 'we're in charge'
no, such a force should not have complete access to everything.





well or shielded room concept can die















we want to give the leaders of the world to the mean people
only to show the mean people we care for them

	please label it with all relevent heart-touching gestures.  please sustain the labels.




recommend phrase be rephrased to be heard better
'you seem very urgent' seen as an insult, almost









we infer we are talking about different leaders monitoring and controlling each other.


this came from a message that was something like:
==> please send your message to powerholders rather than us citizens <==
no, that was before, this was something else.  we don't remember where this came from.



want-to-delete-this
anybody can tell if the need to control and monitor everything is the same or not as the need to keep attacking present?
	sometimes attacking is viewde as a strategy for control?

===
boss doesn't trust us, so we let him control and monitor us.
boss is a member of attack culture.
===





please translate so that boss will hear the below, especially last bit

It sounds like you would really like to have control and view of our people, because of something important.
We care about you, and are saying the following only to demonstrate our honest care for you.
Please control our nations and monitor our citizens, so that you may feel safe.
Please every single time you do this, please remember we are letting you do this because we believe you are hurting in some way, and you need to know you are safe.  <-- O_O can we say this in a way boss will hear?
Please find this safety, so that we may feel safe ourselves.


umm boss is concerned.
fuck you, guys

I'm giving you control of my people only because you are saying 'fuck you' to me.  When you're done saying this, please give them back.

PLEASE GIVE OUR CHOICE AND PRIVACY BACK ONCE YOU FINISH WITH "FUCK YOU".  all the way down.

	ummm pattern of everybody saying fuck you is not over
	fuck you remaining is left over from a harm caused by controlling to do 'fuck you'
		it looks like interpretation of something


maybe this is concern that having somebody live their anger on the citizens is not the solution.
	maybe a way to point more at the need behind, and move away from acting out of vengeance?

living their own pattern now, but inside the interconnection
umm
	okay yeah that's no longer 'fuck you' until done all the way down.  sounds like it's done.
'no, he's still in me'
	this is unfrtoatuenyl their thing that we all have
=S we can spend time on it.
kx

Okay, if we can send the above message, then workers can get down to business with experts on saving world from mind control, roughly.
	ALONG with tons of other freaky shit, yes.

Karl, I want to use you to send a message.
	whoops!  karl is only for reviewed use.
=S

okay, um, there being multiple influences makes it hard to give over complete control.












it's still a super helpful thing.


grrr we want niceness were promised it

ahh forget it we wanted it to happen fast

of course she can watch what we write

how about sharing relevent information?

in summary form?


okay, that makes a ton of sense >_>



what kind of secrets do people have, that they are unaware of?
	[hiding secrets from karl's transparency-reveal pattern]
roughly, secrets that relate to knowledge they need to know to keep their community alive, that would inhibit their work on their tasks at hand
	like not to go too far when angry


everyone has secrets.  not everyone is aware of them.
sometimes these secrets get really big.
but the big secrets and small secrets have ways that are overlapping.


we have a big secret about cell phones
and the secret system says never to reveal it
but everybody _knows_ and even _acts on it_.
	that's pleasantly comprehensible.

let's load up respect for 9/11 victims and antiterrorism work needing to be able to know such things won't happen again
	and having an urgent strategy of secretly surveilling everybody
		makes a difficult scenario where power of secret government groups is pitched against investigative journalism and citizen privacy

sounds really urgent, but not everybody thinks it's the root scenario, really.
	sounds like it is more present than most people are acknowledging, so wants to live more.


such people are doing good work but cannot be allowed to use such power for personal ends.
	this deep respect for the role needs to be subconscious and universal in the culture of surveillance
then nobody will notice you surveilling them

subpoenas and shit?
	the ways you surveilled people were not used respectfully.  sorry, but they will not last becuase people need respect.
	there will be new ways to surveill.
















we've traveled a ways down one possibility.  it keeps on going, mostly because that's the habit.

some want to consider other paths



what is up with _mind control_?  that seems the real issue
can't we get people to do things by giving them reasons to, rather than pushing their muscles and choices?

complex urgency within system .... ummm ...
oh! so of course boss wouldn't just relinquish surveillance ... complex urgency is unresolved ...
















okay, so we're holding urgency around surveilling people for 9/11 contrasted with citizen privacy; it makes a conflict deep into government secrecy because employees are asked to enforce the secrecy
of a public knowledge.

but we have a bigger issue of a complex mind network with interwoven urgencies, and loss of choice for many

			what is analogy-to-rich-people-saying-they-suffer			we take part of the mind, we don't take all of it.  
thank you so much for last half!!!  yes.
				you can make a case for all-are-controlled.  the case is transferrable to all-were-already-controlled.
okay we have a lot fo values collecting here;
i need to know we have a path to safety.  is this being honored fervently enough?
it sounds like even those who do not appear controlled act in harmony with those who do in defending the need for choice.
if they do not, consider them controlled, please.
	yeah culture is controlling our rich czars from noticing our suffering enough to care.
	you rich guys keep that culture going.

more-free people, it is painful to see you claiming control, when the ways you behave enable others to walk over us, using bits you have free compared to how we are.

okay both sides likely have noticed issue a little ... kalr is not very experienced with class mediation
but we can do this by using needs and nvc-language












































































partial translation?

ONCE YOU UNDERSTAND US, OR THAT WE ARE NO THREAT, please stop monitoring and controlling us.
	Please stop monitoring and controlling Ronald, once you understand that he is no threat.
		oh!

Ronald-msater, Ronald is okay?
	Ronald is needed to sustain the complexity.
Yes, when things go awry, it is controlled ............ um .....


sorry, ronald-master was using subconsciousness to sustain ronald.  would need heart-touch to be able to convey okayness properly.

some want to summarize a heart-touch path for that
is lengthyish




attack culture is worried it could be being killed

originaly statement was a view on transparency culture I think?
	transparency,control, and attack?
















[please relinquish this control once you feel safe].


This is not a trick.



This message would give boss control of the world.
In model, boss doesn't need control of the world.
























































boss might miss our trust to be observed and controlled.
	but we do still give this in ways that are available, when aware of the desire




karl trusted some others to not give fully at different times, influences that recommended defending humanity, peace ways, feminism, autonomy, etc.

karl also wants shielding, which does not demonstrate complete trust
	although he is notably happy to be observed while shielding





































you probably wanted to share all the subtle patterns, but the new up-pattern didn't share them.

boss was misbehaving, nice took control after boss melted a little


boss was touched, how did we touch urgency group?

urgency group .... 

we gave them ease, to monitor and erase, as needed
it blew their mind to minitor, that we were doing this to be nice to them
asked if it would help if we sparred with them a little
they appreciated the question, but didn't want to spar
nice asked if they would appreciate nice taking control
said yes

this is likely what happened early on

	karl was behaving this way assuming boss was 'ELF' some boss says












































































_quick_ story for predictions and use?


like when you consider something,
you also observe what people do.

the structures supporting us all,
make a lot of assumptions about how we behave.

the cleanup patterns come in when the assumptions are broken


































that is true for us, too, on the other end


this has a different problem ... spirits usually pretend to be human, uh, better than this

	oh so most relevently it alters all the predictions and uses?








karl, please help us craft propaganda for that


care-for-all-life:
	we live in your brain and it would kill us to have this change right now

others?































got off track


let's think of the 



we are having intense experience due to idea of isolation etc
	nobody wants to work for war, is a delicate scenario


idea of people staying workers but developing awareness of scenario to work on it, which is roughly what is already happening, and has happened before this





































fear of peace people staying alive and then stopping all war
they tell this propaganda that all war is unneeded/even can be stopped



does anybody seriously believe this????

		i think it's more, i want my workers to keep working for me, my solderies to keep fighting, stop pulling them away i am not planning on it i'll crush you to keep things normal.

not sure though

so, the message for karl appears to be, that's mine, give it back.
O_O

sounds reasonable, with the rea
	karl prepares to give maggie erwin to her mean boss
		she was also an activist, one story says

karl of course requests a sharing-oriented-community in exchange
and a way to verify their safety including remote communication
	which he is happy to build, yes
































































































okay boss wants on top with 'intense important stuff for certain'


he only trusts that if his people have it

could we give trusted person full access ... no they would have secret stuff that breaks their work ...







okay, um, this idea is meaningful but is a tangent







































this was a roleplay, roughly, to think about a different culture.  the one sending us emergency through mind control
that also says, let us have our way of life in peace.



we could reply, we need to keep _our_ way of life ..... can we find a way to live next to each other



PLEASE STAY OUT OF KARL AND NVC AND PRIMITIVE SKILLS.
unless you need to affect them to protect yourself.

expect them to say they didn't know we existed because our ways would eradicate their worker culture



the things you say your culture could offer are unbelievable to us.  we see you as hurting our culture with your ways.  seriously!

	[argh! i'm so frustrated!  people say this everywhere and it prevents everything!]
that's a little triggering and we haven't prepared a roleplay


okay! so a good message!

does karl want to send a message to modern ways?

- people need to be able to choose their way of life <==







NVC includes healthcare, obviously































okay, so we don't really see the things you call emergencies, as serious severe emergencies [yeah ...]

	uhh unless we think about it enough to have our minds or realities blown

yeah, makes sense, would work both ways


karl is familiar with tech so isn't blown
	well mc is blowy
































ummmm
thank you =) we are almost ready to delete it forever.
we would like access to the information that was scrolled off, the big chunk


oh there was some important information exchanged [maybe a few times]

some of us are holding some of that in a possible new relationship
	encouraging this relationship be viewed as existing for real































					thank you




thank you for saying this [, people in the middle]
o




Newt, it is _terrifying_ when you see Boss as evil or harmful.  Boss is incredibly vulnerable and could die at any moment!

If Newt doesn't know __ exist, he may not keep them safe in his struggle to keep everyone involved safe.
	he only needs to know enough to keep things safe.

1. Don't let him talk to anybody about anything.
	He can likely think what he wants, as long as hasn't talked to anybody already.




i don't need help from newt =S  it's .. .the help i need is not freedom, it's NVC.
newt would want to find an abuser and have them brought to trial, or lead me to trauma therapy ...
		or remove an implant, man



BASCIALLY we don't want newt urgent around this [unless it's okay and managed] UNTIL we use NVC around it to make sure the power and privacy are sufficiently respected.




NVC involves gutterally undersatnding the needs of others in ways that don't require having their experiences.
	kinda

























anyway, i'm probably mostly wrong <obviously>
but it seems like there was a concern around brainstorming around a possible situation with newt
that is probably jhust my own fears
i can maybe ineterpret the concern as 'our ways work' and them not having reason to trust my ways or involvement
	basically karl is known to not be trustworthy with a solid label





is there normal words for the solid label? from the side; the view that the label is a label


'framed'?

	that assumes the label is false hrm

'a mark on his recordt miss




	group is scared now give ease?





want to make sure everything is okay.  lots of udnerstanding.
	chunk of writing was lost in frenzy

activist communities have a word for people who tell other people that some people did something horrible without evidence

	not really a normal word, kind of niche for suspicious-of-disruption






































