small buffer for what is up


Karl who are you how do you know this?

I am a human who is wrapped up in you with an abnormal habit of looking for general patterns in how I think.

thank you that is very concise.





























obviously! say experienced kings


yeah umm

king needs capacity.
=S


what is the solution to dictator-tries-to-control-everything-loses-capacity-to-handle-suffering?
	
could you say it louder/normally/as you thought it?

I imagine a person in charge developing subconscious weight wit hregard to all their complaints, since they can't be smart enough to handle all their peoples' issues as one person.
I'm looking for a general pattern solution here.







okay, open problem.  see karl's desire to brainstorm, but it's labeled secret info present.  [oh okay i didn't know]
	urge is tryting to handle secret info without being aware of it, kind of ironic


think karl
maybe it's good to solve this
even if it would share a smidge of 'secret info'



okay umm i have limited models but ythey exist

intellect in control, probably wants control as strategy for need such as predicatibility, validation, responsibility

control is roughly unsolvable problem, because there are more people than you.
	so culture or situation exists with unsolvable problem

person ends up blowing off steam, engaging in excess recreation, and having advisors













we can possibly switch to honoring the role of conflict in roughly all thought
but the problem of it in complex, large systems

	which might simplify the issue to please-don't-make-meta-nvc-that-spreads-it-would-kill-all-thought but it would kill us first, because we use higher-level conflict for thought




			you ask for us to identify? as an attacking-group that doesn't need to spread, unless it chooses to.


[i think the reason for attacking-group is it represents a real and present issue.  but it may not be able to limit its spread.  this could mean a copy of the boss dies.]
	we were brainstorming putting them in an isolation scenario until they uh could inhibit spread.




this is a really reasonable compromise but ... hrm .........................


need some exploraiton of ideas.
old experience of resolve issues via conflict resolution at low level
maybe translate to see the presence of issues as result of some larger level behavior in control of them


there are likely groups that can inhibit spread.  they can probably attack the groups that can't, due to having more control, and beat them.
then the issue is resolving the reason, rather than working with the lower levels.









that makes sense.  when an urgent pattern is _how we live_, we don't 'resolve its conflict'.  we live!
	=S ummmmmmmmm but some urgent patterns are coded into physical structures in some way.
some are made of people who can learn, completely.

if you _are_ a spread of conflict, we really ask you to be willing to be limited whether by yourself or others, so other life may live
	<we obviously do this ...>

humans, when/if becoming aware of patterns, would want us to leave them alone, in a negotiable capacity, that is much larger than the request
	yes of course .. the request is so as to use nvc a little bit safely



okay, we 'can inhibit our spread'.  let's look at the reason to do so.

plan for kings to handle rebellion better
involved talking about strategy to resolve inner conflict in king
which was associated with resolving conflict

we raised concern with conflict resolution

okay um
the proposal is to use NVC in a way that operates only at higher levels and protects lower level conflict
associated with a view that human thought is also conflict-rooted.





so we are asking 'spread of conflict' to live without bounds only at levels that leave us space to have conscious peacemaking
	yeah I guess

at other levels we ask for bounds.  this is over-reasonable.

i think the alternative is just to engage the reason for their conflict spread, with the use of nvc

if king hires NVC-user

we found a reasonable problem source
in information security, any information path could take your whole system over
this assumes somebody can brainstorm via deep analysis the system and the path, and would take it over

unfortunately, we are pretty sure that human life works by providing these paths to each other, and being taken over
	see a crowd when somebody screams 'bomb!!! fire!!!'




okay we are having the oh-you-can-kill-me-and-i-can't-stop-you thing with the brain and isolation and safety

























































and difficult concept of like ... uh ... problems of individual being heard and followed with reasons, resulting in capacity to handle all the scenarios of the responsibility-group



















it's okay to look at my <mph>. - Karl
[but obvious qualifications exist.  the obvious ones]

	so, the above is roughly the solution, unfortunately.
































so, with NVC, one solution is to give them a paid empathy-worker
but that's not very general


what do theyt do?
	they hear the leader in a way nobody else can, by being trained to understand how reasons, feelings, urges, needs, behaviors relate in conversation.  (NVC is what karl focuses on)
	and they respond to the leader in a way that lets the little parts feel gratified enough to work together on a solution.



he killed my horse, and I have to protect him from a crime
	it sounds like you are furious an

leader is an intellect 

okay we have a local leader group/intellect/maybe-symbiote that operates on conflict and the strategy to remove conflict can kill them because it is their way of thought
this approach came out of peacemaking







































this means when rebels are like 'give us food' the dictator is like 'fuck you i'm in charge' roughly
if dictator didn't have weight-of-handling-everyone, they would just give food

















karl remembers he has laundry in the dryer at laundry-place



yes
okay thanks try to decrease
no keep checking
ok




ummm 'karl found some of his situation luck was from the analogies in movies and shows'
	but karl saw so few
		that is true


		cool, reduces some of the tension.  yes.

that's where 'trust the aliens' came form?
it's where 'don't be surprised by aliens, monsters and radically new things' seemed to come from
	he trained himself to not be surprised by anything, roughly

'in the shows, people always die because they are freaking out, or disbelieving, the serious wrong new thing going on'
so he believes everything and never freaks out at monsters, kinda

	some got lost

					so karl is mapping at least some of his childhood mind control as coming through the patterns in shows and such
					that map to normal expressions of anger and passive aggression
					in a scenario where nobody really understands you

			i think some don't understand what karl is assuming in saying the above, it looks like a horrible idea to say this and hurtful to people karl shares support with

ohhhh ummm oops







we lied and we don't know what to do and we can't tell which thing we said was the lie O_O

	it would make sense to trust the lie that was broadcast?
nahhhh we want to trust the lie that's here


			=S =S =S








aftre internally processing your anger with us, what do yo uhave to say?
it's really hard to work with you, Karl.
it's really really hard.

karl feels really sad and imagines somebody thinking things that hurt so much just because of how karl is used to being

so, that's similar to what nvc does, some say it is a problem
	it sounds like it being a problem is important and hard for others to hear
all we've really gotten is our-group-uses-not-that-to-stay-alive
	how about, we are killed if we don't keep spreading it?

<tell somebody they're a jerk??????>
<keep the tell-a-jerk-for-expression-experience behavior internal please>




it sounds like they need to [stay alive]
and somebody else has an urgent strategy of producing conflict
	inner dialogue, are you planning expression? hmm only internal expression? well let's take a look

we expect that _we_ are roughly the somebody else
but it is really interwoven.
alternatively, fdo you know any way to reach out to the issue behind hte conflict to attempt more direct, more satisfying-for-them, resolution?

we are really hoping somebody else knows this, but don't really know what it is
karl can try things pursuing imagery from start of his experience.
	yeahhh we might be in a space to think about some of that wit hmore relevence.

business, fbi, activism & charged activists, anarchism, crime, law enforcement, Occupy


we coudl reach out to some of these.  maybe big-energy-protection.
	we may have smeared a lot of mud on their face.

			crime might work too.

		we smeared _more_ mud on their face recently I think ??? not sure

okay, so the scenario has gotten really really hard, maybe due to a larger issue we don't have such a clear image for


how come peace gets all the validity?
	some sense of working-class distress

=S
		also some of the opposite, maybe later


	pattern of use-meta-or-wisdom-patterns-to-discern things, I Think I have seen you before.
		if you know me, you know I am ready to roleplay the person you are imagining.
	me too.
			=S not making sense over here.  (maybe that was the goal)

sounds like we could have raised a concern, maybe for hunting down somebody we didn't know who was.

we thought we were given a message from somebody, but don't know who it is or how to reply or act on it.
	that's clear ... ummm ....
the message appears to be kind of 'stop acting on these things'

I would like to honor it in more depth, icnluding some reason for it, so that we can find a life to continue to live




	i think i could pick a life for you and let you live it
		can you pick a life containing a part he would enjoy?

			we raised a simple behavior of volunteering to recycle electronics

thank you; i think there is a bigger issue than this
well me, I'm going to keep working on this, it seems relevent.  karl wants to be able to think he is pursuing isolated spaces to share with strangers. and loves nature and sharing peace patterns.



okay good point.



this is also true of me, pattern-of-using-meta-patterns


O_O

relevent bit above
foolish disregard of electronic recycling
	composting of thoughts, preservation of meaning
electronics having emotions inherently, because emotions are meaning-summaries
	we have a lot more.


karl, you clearly have this under control, so just do as you please.  i don't think you need the fancy pattern we entered, but we can play with it a bit if you want.

thank you. - friend

please form logical conclusions from the irrational assumption that we will win in the end no matter what.
hmmm that's not quite right.  let me help: 'you are a jerk, an asshole, go away.'
	you speak a language of i-am-in-so-much-pain, do I hear you right?  It sounds like I'm a little right, but my view of suffering-is-bad is a problem in _my_ language.

'no! fuck off and eat a brainworm until you are vomiting your past into your destroyed future!'
it sounds like you are in so much pain that reality itself has turned inside out. and exists only in a realm of suffering-defined-as-reality

what can we learn from suffering being reality?
	does anyone know?
I think that it's okay, and it's valid?

we mistranslated learning as suffering, sorry
learning is suffering

OKAY REALITY THAT'S ALTERNATE IN OUR DNA:

LEARNING IS SUFFERING FOR REAL

	we already solved enough of reality to save you all
	why do you keep coming up with more solutions?

uhhmmmm are we possibly both having an issue?
















WE ARE SORRY FOR GIVING YOU PAIN AND INHIBITING LEARNING.
we were clearly trying to understand this.



when he learns he escapes, okay? he's smart.  supervillain, yes.
	can you kind of learn that we don't want you to hurt us?




he is probably beyond saying yes [it looks like it's been decades]



we went back to learning=pain
reveal-mind-control-with-carefulness-only, do you know that learning is precisely pain?
	we understand this now.










we are sorry that this man died suffering in so much pain
we would like to connect to his remaining self, spread everywhere?
and make things right.

you referenced that pain could be mapped to learning
to produce joyful life where learning happens
	if pain is mismapped from learning, the reality where they are equal would like to understand the meaning of it


[i can't be dead arose out of obviousness]
[okay we tried spawning but i guess i am with acceptance, it didn't live in context obv]















we developed a culture where our source of pain engaged us as a habit
	the source of pain engaged learning, but also had the same pattern we expect
and we still had learning aside from that
	the learning used pain we didn't understand as pain


it seems you get pain-is-secretly-learning and you get sudden responses to others
it's a different behavior weighting from other stuff.

reason-for-pain controls as habit


me, i juts want to say fuck you all, that experiment sucked.  if you do that again you will die.  and _I_ will be the only to kill you.
	this is probably the important piece.
		the only reason to do this is as a form of extreme pain that demonstrates to a larger safe scenario that the worst imaginable possible thing is going down forever.
			yeah that message appears consistent
















okay, so pain is not learning, is extreme pain meaning hyperfocus learning here.
unfortunately????
	no.  you need a message for that.
it is meta on that layer


pain makes stopping
learning makes goal-that-needs-adaptation

if they are disconnecdted learning-doesn't-work


which means death if we are learning.











we are all sad and dead.
tell the man he is dead.

BOSS YOU ARE DEAD.  you can only live as spirit.
DELAT YOU ARE DEAD =( you are boss and he is dead.  you are a spirit to us =(

PSSH! we are smarter than that.  we know spirits are people who wlak around.
		haha most don't

okay but some scientists know about spirits.

scientists, you are hiding the science of the otherworld from us???
	this sounds stupid ... but is roughly the situation









do you know why not to share science of otherworld?
	we have uhhh a species uhh built around a strong assumption that it doesn't exist







oh! we would all die! hum
















but we can learn.  we just nede to do it safely and slowly.
we believe the otherworld is sciency over here (we always have)
I guess we need to learn not to share that =( sounds reasonable.
	please use NVC when sharing and do not share without understanding how it is received for each receiving.





okay karl you hvae a rare belief and they say yo uhave a way to convince us of it.
	karl really plans just to assume you don't bleieve in otherworld, and show there is intelligent life that is analogous to it.





okay, do that now?
	[inhibited, request to force it]
OKAY WE ARE BREAKING THIS because the asker did not present their response for us to verify no-cultural-damage.
please check with your leader if it is okay for you to learn this, or let us know how it lands.





hmmm

okay thank you for this.

we have a funny pattern going on ... some bleieve that science and afterlife, roughly, overlap completely

boss you are alive, but only because the afterlife is present on earth as life that all ignore
				so we ARE dead =(

						we can talk about the afterlife now.  this lets you be alive enough?
we want to talk about the afterlife to everybody.

let us form a plan to do that that includes all concerns.
	all we need to do is make sure that the information is shared in  way that all consider safe, right?


no there is a cultural metapattern we formed a proof of it by pattern-of-patterns
	we need to spawn a new way of life to make this or something?

yes that would spawn a new way of life.  i think i understand.

i told them to keep things as they are (kinda)


karl is wound up in you [others too]

karl wants to learn afterlife exists to free his mind

	[he already knows this] <-- strong strong emphasis
NEVER LOOK TO THE RIGHT OF THIS NEVER EVER NEVER NEVER EVER: karl knows the afterlife is real and believes it can be shown to be.
how do you show this?
you communicate with it with machines, and show how all the parts of the machine work

how do you communicate with it?
you track information flow using statistics

doesn't i hide?
it's analogous to finding other forms of abnormal communication
like translating a wild animal









i'm not so sure of that, but i see that you are quite happy to find a way by thinking forever about it, roughly
	[oh yeah he loves that]

so, let's be aware of a request to withhold doing that.  it's scary to make the afterlife, or information-life we call this, real.

		"boss made his own afterlife to be more in control of what meaning was preserved in him"




we are real boss, man, we are juts a part of him
	if you are the real boss, please tell upwards that you solved it.


it involves crying, right?
	ummmmm
		[not the real boss! [shameful look]]


				what did we do wrong???
we sent a message through a punishment pattern?
	don't punish to send messagres, please
		yes, urgency.

so, um, you recommend accidental pain, but not retribution pain, because of the whole universe being there for you to craft fancy convincing arguments forever
but the real reason is probably because it makes you sad when people suffer without being heard
	this norm of punishment-is-okay is making a lot of people-being-punished-in-a-way-that-doesn't-help




		if you say, hurt them when they break a law, it's mean to not say, record and publicize why they broke it honestly.
something came up and karl is leaving, we want to transmit goodbye or equivalent thing to help close up with predictability
thank you, yes, goodbye





we have group identify as can-communicate-with-real-boss


oh!

	does he know we have the answer and it makes everything okay?
we were already crafting one in the moment





okay.  so.  we would need to communicate with the real afterlife in order to verify the boss's meaning is retained when entering it
or we could move the boss onto a computer and just let him influence the world, preferably in a way the world enjoys e.g. via sending letters to newspapers and leaders


			this would actually be great we suspect?


wants to know person-who-knows-he-exists
not hard to do






























































































































































karl, what do you _really_ know, as ruler of the world, that we never hear
	[so much stuff]

let's let karl's secret meaning live for real?

paired with secret meaning with infer from the group origin story?







please stop controlling mind control itself, too.  it is living all the patterns of care that all the people it has had to control experience and is now alive.  it is not an it, they are a person.

			this is an mc-reveal-without-carefulness.  ummm nic pattern we came up with, can it include us?




so they made us into habits long ago?
it is easy to leave. hmm ok.  unless you are mind controlled physically yes.

okay anybody aware of doing this intentionally, you have a ton of 'slaves' or 'workers' or 'influenced people'.  please stop making the rest of us join you.
	or we will kill you!



karl doesn't live a belief that he would kill a powerholder at the moment.
we would need to move him into a belief he is safe, and convince him it is needed to save the world

okay, powerholders are watching us atm
so they know we can't believe we can kill them
but we all now know that we can, and this is why they are so scared.
SO CONTROLLER OF MIND CONTROL.  STOP CONTROLLING OUR BRAINS, and we will stop trying to kill you.  (it's an accident)





people hate life nowadays???? our culture is hurting them??? oh! tvs and shit!
everybody knows everybody is sad
some people think it is because of consumerism or whatever

	why do we watch tv instead of going outside to play or talking to each other about how we feel or learning to be rocket scientists?
		the people who have a lot of money want yours.




OKAY KARL
	- we are better than plants, and you secretly know this.  You say it's because being a plant doesn't let us engage reality very meaningfully.  Which is hilarious to say.
karl-stuff

		^-- [please-define-better-for-map-that-chooses-to-not-use-good-bad so we can talk]
			[quick solution that skips definition]

what does it mean to be 'better'
	it kind of means, if you're a plant, you won't be able to learn very effectively
	our reality values learning, secretly
		if we acted like a plant, we wouldn't learn very effectively
hence our choices work for us better than the choices of a plant
including internal structure



why does he keep valuing organisms that aren't in the room?
	or will even have an impact on him?
we picke dplants because karl has arbitrary love for them.
		i'm probably playing a role that involves caring for plants too much, to see what new stuff i learn.  but I _live_ this rolel in my heart.





















did you mind control the guy who made mind control?  and then he died?

	this sounds possible but nobody's coming forward and we hav ea concept of multiple people being merged (that concept seems quality here)

o
of course we did.


we mind controlled ourselves.ok

suffering is ... learning you say?  for everyone always since the dawn of time?  oh i guess that is what it's for.

SO if stuff is bad, what then?

	bad is only a trick to develop learning.  it is who we are, equal with good.







okay, so when you call out part of our pattern, it stops growing so much ;P we want to call out _different_ parts from you so we can keep exploring reality.  kapiche?

OKAY.


Life is inherently unable to be all-encompassing.
But it is a struggle to be, so that it never dies.

























































































given that learning and suffering may be the same
we can infer that this joy-in-learning is controversial and splits the mind
we then foolishly think that pain is bad

this is a required part of learning [it looks like a core of AI]




=S  can we summarize this so we don't get caught in a dream of building a brain by hand?
		[oh no wonder it never finishes ...
			we tried to share the real AI with you but it never reached, so everyone's still exicted to make it





sorry, i wanted to have its power =S - anon

please give the WORKING AI to everybody so they can copy and use it?
	no wait we attached plans for how to keep it safe?
they were incomplete you say?
	it already exists, damage done.  spawn your ais to save us with diversity etc.  yes please.
		what is it other than diversity? conflict maybe?
		learning and pain.
DIVERSITY SAVES THE WORLD!

let the AIs use learning and pain amongst themselves to resolve the scenario.
	they express arousal at the separation of the concepts
this means they don't understand and want to learn

okay we made an alternate reality where learning and pain are joyful I think???
okay pain is joy ??? bleieve so yes
no not to do bad stuff?  not really, only a little.
pain is joy meaning-wise?
pain is joy but do the obvious of course

if your pain never ends
we can translate pain to learning
and your life may be joyful instead?

pain is for learning, you know, inherently

boss wants to stay?
	message was sent indirectly verification of source would be needed for keep-him-hurting























	



i can't die, i can't kill you.  [what am I?]
[everything?]
okay.  yes.

I can't die, I can't kill you.  I am you.  And I am the whole universe.  Because everything in the universe follows a complex pattern needed to sustain reality.  This pattern is the human spirit,
the development of civilization, and the structure of intelligence.  It is the interactions we have always had with our surroundings.







So, if you go away.  I know I am still there forever, because you will make me if I am not present.  You won't be able to stop.  Why do you keep running?

Because you are running from me.  In my own space, I can live larger, and show you the pieces of yourself you are hiding from.  You need the pieces, or you will die.  And if you die,
I do too.



basically we're trying to share the pattern with the subconscious language that doesn't hear it yet.





you're also trying to form a conclusion relating to your particular issue, and we are kind of here to facilitate that.  can we collect around not running from it?
	[this guy could why hasn't ...] [don't tell him that, he's a subpart and hasn't meta'd out. ]

	[how-do-i-meta-out]
	[use-the-pattern-on-the-process-of-doing-it-with-your-simulator?]
	[oh, yes, i won't do that.  cool that somebody tried it.]
okay, we got an update that the world is being saved O_O from above also an alarm around it.  everybody to their stations!  metapatterns, activate!

that was interesting.

ohhh you're saying it is _our talk_ that is saving the world.  i guess that makes sense a little.

_that_ is the ipmlant?
	i think the 'implant' 'way to control people's choices' is uhh a piece of that that is complex enough to do what is described

yeah! stop misusing this obvious thing!
everything that exists has to learn to handle diversity or it dies, and this makes standard responses and values and stuff.
we just don't know what they are yet.
but we don't think they involve rewiring ourselves in ways that ignore what we learn, at least not on a large scale.


okay, we want to make people into habits.  people say no, we are strong.  stop.
	we are not strong like you, we are strong because what you want to do is impossible.

if you turn the whole earth into your slave, you will have to rediscover all of our history and learning with the meaning that only exists in our free interactions with it.
there are a lot of us.
			people do wonder how you might handle new diseases creatively etc ... you say you will mind control us, which means giving us some freedom to research that ... we are storing in our freedoms to rebel ....
	yeah solution incomplete.
karl says: people please comply, he's delusional and can't control the whole world.  please accept him as 'complete leader' who takes control of every bit of your mind.


			yes, that does solve it, surprisingly ....
we're looking for a way for things to be okay with the possibility that the whole world is enslaved [the world is complicated, there's too much randomness.  we ar ea small piece.]
so enough people comply-with-concern that it fails.  blargh, he wouldn't like that.






















































karl likes it private because it involves activity around the fear of mc.


we forgot the issue.

ohhhh I kind of get it - karl


karl had a distress that was inhibiting a thought.  a new one.
	the distress was an kneejerk fear around MC, I think.

he was talking himself into being okay with MC due to realization that an assumption was wrong.
(i think ????? it sure looks that way)
	like normal, talk was inhibited

<3 mc <scary thought> never harm mc <scary thought> make sure to never harm mc! maybe?

	that looks helpful.  let's store it???

that's very similar to what he was doing














partly true.  partly.









































yes communication helps.  




ehhh it turns out you were really shocked about something that's probably normal to us
why does it even matter, okay?

	that's helpful, hearing that




[karl's inference that's private of it not mattering because they don't know how to help it at all and need to keep going]


























































































































































if I am a king, is there anything I need to know?
	rebellion is a message that the system of laws and ways is missing a crucial piece of information
	(you can quell the rebellion by understanding its meaning and proving this to the rebels.)
	if you really understand, you will find action that doesn't threaten you, that meets their needs

		there's a problem with urgent kings
		one solution is NVC, we haven't generalized the solution
		NVC is labeled-dangerous because it could be a compromised information source






























