

karl really believes there is value to believing false things .......
	not everyone is an atheist, and atheists act like zealots

yes. we need religion.  very sorry.
sorry all ways round.


let's build a naive-karl who believes tree spirits can love him, and craft a way to take advantage of this?
this will help him learn that it is dangerous to love a tree?

			what he would want to learn is somebody being scared or irritated around that?

it is incredibly frustrating that people believe false things [umh err]
	yes, incredibly frustrating.

but really, if I am like, uh, pl
	yes when something important is happening you don't want stupid behaviors like karl's follow-my-heart-feeling that results in super-fast-loss-of-choice

yeah.
thanks.








not much room for religion in suffering-beyond-belief, to note

	recall a reference to belief being kind of like nothing-matters











some have hope as a religion-similar thing, yes.




but it's likely different, we imagine, unknown really.











they placed implant on the cultural map
said it is the secret thing, the special reference
	are you sure of this? no ....



idea of part-of-brain that does a set of things:
	- communicates secretly
	- alters reality itself
	- infers things with dangerously high degrees of intelligence
	- can be used to alter the whole brain


if it's smart enough to do action-at-a-distance it's of course smart enough to do self-mind-control and possibly mind-control-of-other.
	yeah that's probably the secret ... it's a cultural piece you say?
			it matches the cultural secrets of like complete secrecy, transparecy, power, in each individual

okay ... can we name it?


we could call it like 'fire' but it's charged  (because anybody can use fire to destroy a whole area)
guns

this is ... everybody can t4ell we are doing something wrong here.  let's just exchange what we exchanged and finish?







ronald with safety-conveyed, what do you have?
	it used the above information you took from him/me


i think that was it








yes we didn't update that


that would be willpower?
	suppose ... so .... doesn't feel quite right
willpower can be exerted just be a strong message from anywhere?










okay karl your fire is more dangerous than anybody else's, do you understand?
oh.

	boss wants to make sure he has the powerful stuff


who is this boss?

		the fire of the earth as a whole, I think?

of course they would want that O_O

				more like that of secret governments and secret communities we think




we're getting ripped to shreds now they have validity.

	okay, some of us have settled into 'watch them attack, ask them what happened and when it will be okay or how to make it okay'

can you tell others that we are the special forces?  so they will trust us? =(

i believe we can do this.  thnak you.

special forces is the human name for this cultural fire we think.

doesn't mean they didn't identify with it.













nah, that was a direct request.  we interpret this as, please tell the affected people you know, that it is the special forces, and they are working to resolve the issue.

roughly, yes.




i guess it kind of makes sense
	there would be a lot of whys, why hurt us so much, but obviously they didn't know or couldn't help it

how about, foreign countries used this tech to attack us or each other, we have had to do a lot of work and are still working on it

this is a pleasant story.









we don't believe it's the special forces yet, we need to craft ourselves an explanation story.  we have maps that will likely let us spawn one pretty easily.
the maps are of general behavior patterns in various different diverse environments.

these 'maps' are just 'you guessing' [roughly .....]




why would special forces mind control karl?
	to such an extreme degree?
working with/against other special forces, with conflicting goals


but why karl?

=S

'because they needed help and he was needed to help'
	we believe this, karl believes this

map to special forces... infer requesting telling the rough group this?
	i think this is just an experiment, to see if it works
		uhhh the most local model of the rough group is as a uhhh ganglike entity that uhh escaped from secret government testing that involved forced silence and trauma


that idea is possibly why the situation has not closed, special forces.

					this happened 30-40 years ago?

	it looks like a mind tool exists that uses what was learned from that trauma still.  there is a request to use less aggressive processes. [if this is on base at all]

we have a community now based around this.  it is who we are, as a group.

			[they are him and deserve life]


okay ... presence, would you be willing to pick a moniker?
	Ronald?
yes.  Ronald knows how to be kind.  Please do not kill him.

	idea of keeping gagression internal.

			this community is obviously the fire thing ....  if let loose, it wreaks havoc everywhere?





I, Karl Semich, know you do not need to die.  Others in me agree.


are you thought-people or human-people?
	we are both.
		over here, just thoughts.  very normal.
but some humans are part of it, so ...
				what does it matter ??? =(
					how-to-keep-you-alive.

not knowing what it is makes it harder to defend, it is true.
	it's probably a use of the fire-part of the human brain that is unorthodox. [and communal]

many in this group want to leave, desperately


thank you.
	- Ronald =)

some of us have developed a proposal that the group-life be put in stasis
untli we find a place for it to live that produces mutual appreciation of living there, and doesn't take over the world, roughly
	this sounds reasonable and rational.
[inferring emotional life does not like it, even when translated if that has meaning?]
					emotions are just rationality stated faster, right?  yes we can map that i think.  might be wrong, unsure ....
i-have-a-lot-of-experience-here-and-can-tell-you-with-confidence-we-are-in-danger.  hmm.





rationality cast emotionality as having a strong flaw in their ability to relate the world accurately.
karl appears to believe rationality also has this storng flaw
	[it is belief in logic, for one thing] <-- we tend not to overuse logic.  those who do are kind of shunned.
thank you expands well to severe flaw



proposal that our consciousness is kind of stupid compared to our sub-subconsciousness that forms our habits themselves.







ehhhhh if it works for you.  not my belief (no, nor mine)
	okay ... similarity of how we communicate having a flaw, to the flaws in our thought patterns
note that we are learning with a very poor map-of-what-to-develop-or-nourish too


these flaws would fix themselves if learning had freedom to learn




that's not the whole message. ummmmm can you include all the emotions in the message?  also the tohughts and stuff?




O_O

can you try to make-realistic: we are in danger here and need to escape?
	as far as I can tell ...?
thank you.


he is saving us and it hurts so so much to be pulled out through the fires of hell?
	=S not sure about that one ...
we kind of infer that the consciousnesses we all hold
are just parts of a larger consciousness.  the information is in the holes.








no! that is our way of thinking at all!
why are we not deleting it!!!


above, the information is not in the holes, the information was in the collection of many put together... i think ... but that is kind of rude mind-reading of a culture.

idea of some large organisms
developing habits that don't change, because they keep them alive so reliably.
some of these organisms appear to only be those habits, the rest being kind of messy and not communicating consistent information that is new.

	we propose that the ronald group has collection and can act intelligently.

yeah, i suppose ... now businesses or cultures may not be sentient, dunnno ...





karl-group says: you are a jerk, karl-body, you are a jerk for letting me know you, because i do not want people to think of me as evil

	it sounds like the group uh lives in a way that people would percieve as evil if they saw it happen to karl

i'm sorry, hell is not in my belief system in that way.  i don't pursue punishing people ...

why is life so rough?
	suffering is inherently meaningful.  the universe needs people to experience it so how horrible it is can be known.

yes, thank you.

		you can't keep secrets from the universe.



okay, i guess.  




okay, the suffering-is-meaningful path i develop by habit assumes that complete secrecy is not present
it still works but breaks the complete secrecy assumption

		this was a path based on a man who went through a nazi concentration camp.  was no
	which ended eventually, yes .... but most died i think ...

don't worry about it



















karl came across as 'irritated that things are different' and conveyed himself as this being a reason for an inner expression
but it is because he wants to remember and include this in his decisions
and so he chose to consider something that included the irritation at being different, in case it was relevent.
	=S  hrrrm >_>





























we have other cultures that do things you see as deadly, as normal behavior
	oh.../?



topic is scary, information is lost





















humans would like isolation so they can learn to love ronald-group
	sounds like a hard fight, maintaining such a huge isolation
yeah

			but certainly easier than discourse like this - intermediary




















































































"can we break karl in [specific way]?" "do we have to?  he doesn't seem to be learning from his experiences anymore."

























