here we are in 'vi' which lets us use text editing behaviors
owwww
	karl you are in pain!
yeah i'm worried
	you're worried the pain is related to the usffering of others =O


OKAY.  can we say things strong enough for them to get typed out and worked with?

[concern around storage of file -- wanting it gone?]
no we want it _saved_  ahh!!!! we are not comfortable talking about either side.


two views needing privacy, from each other?
	and a way to work together?




there is a lot of concern going on, but the below paragraph has come through.


We have a discourse room here to work together.  A strategy is available to aid in working
together.  It involves considering requests as a spectrum from preference through to
just staying alive, and finding a place we can all sit on that spectrum that works for everybody.






how would you like to violate my privacy to make it easy and quick?
	i'm not sure what you mean
can you translate pain?

		the words you say remind me of being killed.  can you rephrase before I die again?
alternatively, can you rip my mind up to solve this?
	oh, yes me too!
		[yes me too!]
		[wait, what?]
some of us are used to saying this
some of us are used to it _happening_
it can speed things, i think?

^_^

karl spewed out 'i'm trusting you that you're doing things that help' when 'this is what you most sorely hate' was raised
	but we weren't sure we were. ..... errrrrrrrrrrrrrr

error is inevitable.  but it helps if you don't want to make it.

some people are just saying 'just rip his mind to shreds' 'and then we can get out of here!'
	does that help?
	we kind of expected there was something to do that helped, and if we stopped caring
about our concerns for a bit, it coul dhappen easier
karl was interested in helping this too becdause he's gotten used to it, so did somebody else

but i think it was really pain-representative that said this.  maybe they consent to being turned
to something else
	just inhibit the fears that make the stupid stuff happen.

ok, man, my god

.. .. .. .. .. ..
done 1
.. .. wait there are more? yes .. .. .. 
no no more.

karl, how do you feel?

		funny feeling associated with part of head
not that bad, will want it to go away after some time



we have a new interconnection.  old is off.


looking for some recent memories to aid in behavior [possibly modification or control]

OKAY um

okay some of these things are weird but karl says there are neighbor contexts that might be
able
	all neighbor contexts we are awayt of are temporarily disabled.
okay, let's deal with local stuff? more recent?

boss was scared away from most recent topic
ok ...
	I think they tried to simplify karl's life?  it looks 
no, does not last forever.


Okay, then, looking for context to live in for now.

	please resume life.

ok !




karl's worried issue related to talking together in these screens at all
thinks maybe honoring that concern could help decrease miswiring, but just by pattern-matching,
not reasons

IT HAS BEEN A LONG, ROUGH, HARD DAY.
yes.
	well that's part of it but again loses the reason >_> "hilariously"







kkkk


suspect that development of approach did not include honoring of secret reasons.
	maybe when reason matching happens, people violate privacy to make it easy and quick
		a little.  only a little.  don't want it to be the issue, really.

	one group was ok with deleting the above

























we could still use collaboraiton room, with miswiring
and talk not knowing our reasons.
until we can develop reasons with meaning.

how's it land?
fail.  failed to protect boss.  karl attacked.









sad.

sad.

thought karl understood boss.
	we have some ptaterns that seem helpful but are a different person.

about the intense stuff.
intense stuff present.
	how do we defend things that don't exist?


=)





















private talk with karl.
any questions for karl?

	reference between chat-with-mind is SEPARATE from refcent-talk-with-trained-mediator (whodidn'treallymediate)
		ok i think - Karl

hence, maybe different word
we'll chang eit to ......

carefully planned .... discourse room
how about diplomacy.

	
'is this a trick?'
	'it sounds like y

so, boss is maybe scared of being stuck in a scenario we don't know how to handle or something
some unmet need involving thought itself, need strategy to avoid, maybe
































