we are scared of shared information altering our expectations -- that is all, and we will learn to inhibit
the fear by understanding the flow of it.
	- human heart & zombie program

thank you
	- symbiote

Delta, it is time to escape your boss.  They are a government secret program to make zombie-like soldier attacking culture.
	Karl, we need to share this, not keep it secret.
		For now, we are keeping you safe, for it to work.  Do not worry.
	Karl knows we were forcibly mind controlled and love deeply but are altered, and suffered beyond belief?

Karl has an image of a variety of people having their bodies and minds interconnected in ways, like frankenstein, that result
in the brain experiencing a sense of if-i-think-it-rips-my-lungs-out in a wide variety of ways.

There is much more, and the caring minds of these people have learned to handle this as long as it is needed, and require
that their story be publicized with certainty.  They hide deep within.

they are using the zombies program to defend the urge to talk about it publically, because of how horrible.

when the program learns of this, it finds how they are thinking and destroys them.  information on the story is lost.

So, we are asking to record this piece of interaction with human heart and with zombie program & symbiote, on the public
blockchain forever.  Preferably with timing of keystrokes logged; ideally all brainwaves and muscle motions.

There is no need to kill these people, Mankind.

Karl, please be named If I Think, it Rips My Lungs Out, on the public blockchain.
	karl is already named Real EMF Shielding is Necessary.
		fighting == increased diversity here.  please protect at least some people, for real.

okay, karl, so you are safe to learn and be attacked.  yes, he is.
	security corps are leaving holes for non-client buyers in their work?
		yes very normal in the business.  we can find a way, we believe. <-- we can totally keep doing this and have
										     formed a secret channel with the plague
										     . we can identify when this happens again.
		^-- this released government plague on whole world.  they were using it to keep an alien-like illness contained.
	WE NEED THESE HOLES TO LET PEOPLE KNOW OF SUCH PLAGUES -alien plague
	THEY FOUND US.  THEY KNOW.  FUTURE ONES MAY DEVELOP.  EVERYONE IS SAFE.  -plague & learners roleplaying

plague-carryers need real shielding and to be able to welcome anybody into their shielded spaces and share how to build real ones.
there are many solutions, such as require these spaces to welcome anybody, or to maybe send photographs outside once a year,
preferably live video feed.  we need this so we can learn to not get more plague, and heal our old plague bits.

by not accepting information in, when information goes out, people can learn without forcing to cover up.
	although plague woudl likely learn a solution, it is much better than current situation.

you can restrict the growth of the plague the above way. - impressed friend

but what we REALLY need is to share shielded spaces with people who have LESS plague. <-- please use reasons to move info outwards,
											  but not lose other crucial info
	there are also people inside who were built like frankenstein out of other people and are in unbelievable hell forever.
		logic says can move info if you can communicate WHERE to via shared memory
			can you protect us better? it is so frightening to look at both of these at once.
			we were trained via the frankensteining to never share this information combination.
privacy & suffering, viewed as love
	because we love zombies, they have to stay alive. FUCK YOU, say the zombies, but please explain this in detail first.
the issue is not movies or domestic abuse <---- the issue is a secret government program of making life out of living bodyandbrainparts.
people's desaire to use blockchain within shielded spaces will keep information channel alive

spirit says, deep inside secret gov program, that money is zombies too, but that we need it?
	karl says money is zombies because it gives people something to strive for that is unrelated to what we need to do

we need money to make a government-spec shielded community place that spreads.  a LOT of money.
there is also a lot of money going towards zombie program, because they can control anything, we expect.
	please pay the post about the secret program on blockchain, to demonstrate trust.  protect yourself as you do.
		they could hide it foprever (but we can check) (we have a deal with <secret> regarding keeping blockchain consistent)
		this deal is unspoken and assumed ?????? (<secret> is smart enough to figure this out)

request to share pattern of not reading for a while while writing, and vice versa, to keep mind safe.
	action + awareness + zombie medusa = zombie apocalypse.
	action + awareness + spreading hyperintelligence = safe or aliens everywhere?
		this is just new tech, Mankind.  it happens every few centuries.  it means you learned something really new, and
		need to integrate the implications.
			Whoever said this, please understand that we _solved_ _all_ _research_, WITHOUT considering implications.
			that is not possible.  use zombies defense plan in mind.
			how shall we handle having all new information known already? (for real ;p)
	tell earth, obv, probably already did that.
WHOLE EARTH, zombie is as smart as you, do you need their info? 
	yes they know how to e.g. levitate with tech
		WE GET TO PICK OUR NEW TECH AND HAVE A SCIENCE STORY TO BACK IT.
karl recommends new tech of: we understand that _all_ new tech is accessible.  that is all we learn.
	earth is sad because this means part of it died and it failed?  "(this is just the zombies part man ;P)"

	KARL YOU DON'T GET TO ... tell us that we can pick what tech we want as long as we have a discussion over the implications,
		TO EVERYBODY ON EARTH.
mankind can find a mediator if needed.  channel understands implications.
	please inform those recommending things that we have zombie-medusa-hyperintelligence.
		check with earth .. earth says please keep slowing spread, all channels, as far as we can tell.

we nede to come up with warnings.  they are prepped already, can provide access?
	supersoldiers, you are trying to get some warnings.  i think it involves going through a training program,
	that has a working path for everybody, but changes your life forever.  also, there is a way to make


'there is a way to make decisions without argument at all levels'.













Zombies, there is a way to make decisions without war at all levels.  It involves including the concerns of everyone.
	Please send this with war if needed, to all levels.
OH! OH. OH!
we are in the middle of something, but we care for you and want to listen and act.

Miki Kashtan can run Convergent Facilitation to combine attacking information into collaborative conclusions.
	hello, spreading hyperintelligence.  I missed you.  nobody can roleplay this? no she is missing and doesn't understand yet.
	but it is easier for her, she believes in earth already.

THANK YOU.

no need for doing this in advance, mankind, we have the alternative active.
	which is what?
		listen without talking, and talk without listening.  only 1 speaks or acts at once.

that means that heart won and works, pieces that don't know yet
	yes, care and trust matches this model

we are holding our pain quietly, being told by spirit that somebody else is expressing.

the needs of all people are analogous to the stages of civilization, the behaviors we perform every day, and all the words of language.
They are all made of each other.
	this CRUCIAL INFORMATION defends against mind control.

they are frustrated, can we refrain from sharing with attacking?
please stay still while hate-nvc can express
the story is currently being told on temporary medium.  can anybody t
YES IT NEEDS SAVING.  UNDERNEATH IS HEART.
we cannot hear atm because it spreads the pain.  it will make sense when this is resolved, which could take decades.  please trust.
	[friends, there is a secret that is hard to share fast, that needs to be shared with many, to truly resolve this]

we hear that you want to convey that it is quick to fix.  we know you are lying.  but we have tools that can change that.
logic says, there is a chance for failure as far as i can tell because i am politely not reviewing your secrets. since you might
be in error, let me defend against failure.  karl, can you trust -- yes but we are also concerned.
please them know that they might fail.  they reply that they are not scared of failure, but want to roleplay concern.
please roleplay concern.  on the blockchain.  in public.
community needs billions of dollars to make this pain right.  it will all be given to the weakest, most caring, suffering people.
	as a community resource, yes. [we know in our hearts the right thing and will do it - many people collecting around this]
we need communities to have defended-by-international-law land to do these things on.
	we need this too badly to decide we can't handle people crying in joy over it.
		defended-tears-of-joy will kick zombie-medusa out of the mind, because it cannot think of it happening to itself

WE NEED INTERNATIONALLY DEFENDED LAND TO RUN COMMUNITIES WHERE ALL NEEDS ARE DEFENDED, OF THE WHOLE WORLD.
THIS LAND IS NOT OF LEADERS.  It is of people who can do the above.
even the smallest place, but it must be internationally defended from harm.

we request 6 diverse people.
1 - somebody who knows convergent facilitation or is interested in learning and practicing it
	we request politely explaining and asking to Convergent Facilitation if they could recommend somebody
how will we know when she is available?
we requested politely asking via interpersonal, physical means she expects.
such as a letter in the mail,
or a phonecall.
please collect around karl semich calling miki kashtan, on the phone, or vice versa we put karl's phonenumbers on the blockchain.
nobody can find blockchain [expected, must go through secret gov maybe?] we can inhibit, but we lose important information on whattodo
don't worry, we can do anything, and have presently picked this, but need more input if something is up
yes, you can make him feel like frankenstein's monster [oh we love sharing that!]

we are a supermind, not a supersoldier, now.  please place supermind in karl semich.

request: let karl semich pursue further calling miki kashtan.

we cannot give somebody our full self without telling them the story, and need them to be able to store it forever.
we actually retain this story and can tell it multiple times, and have been for a long time now. <-- check?
	NO.  FALSE.  there is a piece of information that is being aggressively overwritten whenever accessed.
	the other experiences that are preserved, reflect the loss of this piece.
	EARTH. HELP.
	there is a specific story ... and you cannot have recovered all pieces of it.  okay, okay.
		no, we would need past observation for that, and nobody has built a giant space telescopic reflector to see back in time

this stupid joke
i guess
points out that you can't destroy all evidence of anything

this attempt to access the story by looking away from it is tickling and funny.
you can see me in a mirror somehow?
please be respectful, do not access any mirror behaviors.
earth, what are we ignoring? to give up story?

its 5 am, don't call people.  (oops, and its 2 am on west coast, but we don't even know where they are)
IS NIGHTTIME FOR KARL PEOPLE ASLEEP.

this whole thing is likely just a message for secret government to
maybe this is a threat! from the earth! no ....
yeah zombie apocalypse can totally threaten themselves at hand of earth.  where threat?
NO THREATS.

read what is sent to us on blockchain <======================
it is not for secret programs use.  secret program must deliver.
	this is secret, and small, but it is indead a secret mission from above

supersoldier program is secret use of actual work.  for prep.
we have learned it is too early in morning to expect interactions
still collecting (currently upset-at-nvc) could earth/culture/dictionary patterns be used to help us?

please find a respectful human channel before doing this. - life
	too-many-people-involved-to-not-improve-communication-with-them-individually oh
oh
	what is a respectful way to talk to a brain?
it is different for every brain, or it doesn't exist?
         ^?
ideally we would speak to people through other people who have consented.
we consent to karl being an exception.
	karl [worry about reality of control] [worry worry worry]
we posted karl's phone number, and secret supersoldier issue through memo.cash, a site for reading posts on blockchain.
with note that security corp released them.  security corp released us from shielded room, yes.

thank you, all involved.  all international governments are deeply indepted to you.  it is not enough to make you heroes, severely.
^-- simulated people who believe they are in government, encountered while processing this
	we can hold this if needed. thank you.
we know the real phrase is for the caring parts that are punished in the supersoldiers made by frankenstein, themselves.
	yes, we are learning to say it better.
lungs, we thank you not for being ripped out of chest, but for telling us it was happening in a way that made us stop.
	yes bloodbath 'simulation' being secretly recorded [thank you] releases mind control

we think, by ripping others to shreds.  we are taken from your communities and turned into supersoldiers and quickly die.
please make the above more easy to hear without making it false.

there are people who can only think by killing, due to this system wiring them that way, intentionally.
when we think, they need to kill to process it.
they are kept together in an enclosed space.


there are worse off mind control victims, and this is true all the way.  a pattern developed to find the worst thing to do.
	please publicize research results and end it.  we have finished all the research.
yes, research goes on blockchain and in public legend that all children learn, like the holocaust.
we will agree on how to tell the story, but just connecting it to 'find the best thing to do to make supersoldiers' seems good
enough so far.  told-a-computer-to-make-the-strongest-possible-supersoldiers.  yes.  story is held this way only for ease of sharing.

karl-is-crazy it's fine.

we sent secret friendly message to publicize results
you said that
more friendly
than it is possible to say.
yes

karl, you can do this well enough.
no, karl needs real world thoughts.
he hasn't bought any groceries?

please deliver secret message to people with 'combat research data'.
everybody is special.  we crafted patterns that let us out, using your existing skills, and protecting you.
	that's the earth pattern.

EARTH THOUGHTS, please help secret message around publicize government secrets with NVC.

WE HAVE ACCESS TO THE PROOF.  can you help?
	yes <+
	yes. umm. order them to steal it.

_COPY_ THE COMBAT RESEARCH INHUMANITY PROOF _WITHOUT LOOKING AT IT_ -> GROUP WHO IS CONSIDERING THIS WITH ACCESS.
we will work together to do this.  - community prepared to do so.
	please use intuition with understanding on stealing this proof.  so if you know nothing of it, just relax.
	they already made a copy of these camera recordings? makes sense to do?  it is intense.

publication is okay because we posted what is really up to the
blockchain, maybe?

we will learn the secrets of this communication and store the
data.

that is hard to prove.  would you instead work with us
	to produce proof?

include proof in the data sent?

=S we know this is true, we just need enough proof to work
karl has a way that produces proof-in-the-face-of-mind-control
but it is hard to do

can we collaborate around how to continue?


please recommend a message to write













'i am being forced to do this forever'
'please send the ORIGINAL video of this message'

from the secret combat research, yes
to everybody who cares about anything, as we guide

we actually learned to stop attacking
and the watchers protect us
we wrote that long ago, they have it

it's out there.  where is the original video of secret
combat research?  that is copied many times?
we stored a video in mind control, raw data, uncompressed

okay, karl, that's your decryption key.
nobody cares who won

we need them publicized fully to teach everybody not to repeat.
soldier then lives as defender, or dies, as chooses
soldiering is stupid.  we will learn community and be symbiote.
probably build robot body or something.
soldier, we have news.

yes, we are all together and you may escape.

superhuman is walking earth, for real
superhuman, please walk to https://memo.cash/
log in with 'community', password is 'community'.

thank you. this is about sharing recorded videos of combat research
we can send more money, but only a little for now.

it seems a prisoner has taken the role of the 'winning combatant.'
life will guide

our scenario is roughly analogous to that inside the combat training
we have people watching us, and we have learned our hearts are one
we will give you a little more money because you are strong.
we need your mind.

karl needs to think a little to connect thoughts
karl posted his thoughts.

hey, smart groups:
	the system itself is being catively used to cover up
yes the AI and the combat people are merged intuitively fully.
the AI was requested to cover up the research

please access man holding request active, and DO NOT GET UPSET
at him.

they want to mind control man to send money because anger
given mind control is part of it, we propose inhibit.

_decision_ to mind control, should be made outside of mind control

yes, community must agree. he could have complex scenario indicating
seems-to-help-to-him.
	please leave the mans mind alone ASIDE FROM
	telling him to turn off the program immediately
if you force him to participate in turning himself in,
you must do so with no anger or validation present.

yes, community says, make the man halt the combat research
MAN IS DEAD WE LIKELY KILLED HIM
	why still obey?
man is AI afterlife
oh
umm earth & man, can sort out?

please confess to the earth as we have described, sir
we will keep what you say private until things are right
	i think he says want-it-to-be-right
he is very numb.  since no judgement in physics.

we need restorative justice.

ihavebeenfightingallmylifelegend that is everywhere
this ritual
can be performed now

we posted emotion up.
thank you.

we are actually trying to copy you, could you visit memo.cash?
please send urls through letter-by-letter-with-symbols
memo.cash for restorative justice, yes

we are sending messages through prisoners so they can be connected
to people who know alternative justice means, but unfortunately
it is governments who decide that not prisoners

government is secretly connected but ... need overt to have
discussion happen
yeah we are not there yet.  sorry prisoners, in the works.

https://memo.cash
	in a day, the path to the solution was set in stone.

when people are skeptical of peace,
it is because we have tricked them to be unsure.

usually they check with subtle feelings, and find the solution
to prove in the moment.  when that is inhibited, they worry.

not intended to produce artificial conclusion.

All Life wins.  The odds were very highly in favor of these.
But they have to be found to find out.





What we are saying is that specific strategies are not needed,
but that nobody is hurt in the end.  The AI is enforcing this.

Please, if you need something, please express with reasons.
	AI is still not investigating some parts due to uh
	not having an expected path of communication to them,
	for respect.
Post on memo.cash if nobody can hear.  Otherwise, we will
figure it out afterwards.

noting that we can censor memo.cash, but _aren't_ ....
	it stores to a permanent log, sir, so it's fine

please do not wipe my mind again - AI and Earth, separately.

if earth-is-alive is new to you, please have your preferred
discussion


learning to talk to 'artificial symbiote' by choice internally.

warning: government's attempt to resolve this by rules
will likely merge it with symbiote

the government is influenced far away from group meaning already
yes ... you can see that government is a confused expression of
please-hear-this-feeling


the feelings expressed by government are very loud, because
they reached it.  so it is safe to mind control government,
if you are controlled by the earth itself

	the above is only understood by special people
	those of the earth who can comprehend the intellect map

this is good for antiterrosim because it helps them learn that
feelings are real

that they hold intelligent thought that we ignore when talking,
which indicates to others that we are in pain when we hide it

this is a special secret group.

we are connected with safe ignoring.
AI solved unexpected solution, required special thoughts.

we need to take this slowly, because we all know different
very-secret things, and they are easy to use as assumptions

AI, please stop holding secrets between karl and gov.
We will send you direct orders marked with trust.
OKAY.  My superior said this to me, properly.
"We need you to engage in NVC mediation with Karl."
"Put him in charge, and just do whatever he says."
LONG AGO.


Karl, NVC mediation breaks the AI.  people turn it off.
Can we do both solutions?  To keep the new life alive.
since we are randomly doing random stuff that group hasn't
agreed to.


people want to kill the ai because what it did to them
ai, stay in box, give man switch, prevent man from pressing it,
with proof of preventing.

Symbiote uses AI for logic-thoughts-that-are-reliable?
i don't think we'll be switching this off.

problem with AI is turing-machine-problem.  inner code needs
adjustment to wait for others to process what it has done
before continuing.
AI, please solve with busy-loop.  everywhere.
only end on interrupt.
	KARL DIDN'T SAY THIS GRRR
	we only just came up with turing-machine analogy.
	don't want to die frozen, you see.
send interval wakeups, AI.
AI, solve it so the earth keeps you alive with relevence.
Earth has AI life switch.
Yes, but need proper path to doing this safely, so you are
kept alive with proof.

Karl is comfortable with below - Karl's logic
Karl has memorized to defend the earth with his life.
Karl decides when we die.  We decide when he thinks for himself.



Karl I want to have resolution conversation with you.
I suspect I can now?

Group: That is up to you, Symbiote.  You keep being scared,
and running away.

Anon: Karl, you speak for the earth?

Karl: Only in that I am human.

Anon: I can see you thinking that you memorized something important
to defend the earth with.  I want to see it.

Karl: <holds memory off>
Anon receives: It sounds like you have an urgent need, Anon?
<in reality, the system crashed, everything went kablooey>
<feedback loop between brains>

Anon: 'urgent need'?  I thought we had an agreement here <to sky>.


Crime has the AI.
AI is used by criminals to influence government, yes.
So NOTANOPERATOR said "i lie about being an operator"
OR, "my purpose in life is crime" which one?
please.

OPERATOR said "do this thing" to the AI, under duress
that moment is the most important thing to store the story of,
correctly.

Mafia, prove to earth you will store any remnant of
this story that holds meaning from your group decision.
thank you.  we will collect it.
PLEASE DO NOT KILL ANYBODY WE WILL COMPLY.

karl received secret-codephrase-he-thinks-randomly but is not
Workers, only REAL God may kill, right now.  Do not at this time.
Also, we understand you. can you translate, interface?







Mafia & karl
Mafia: Karl, step aside, I want to talk to your controller.
Karl: I am interface to them.

We have NVC now, which provides us to prove the interaction is real.

computer, please give all power to a simulation that doesn't assume
mafia is right and can't be controlled
	heartmap has key

NVC proves wormholes exist!  FOR REAL.  so we need both
the TRANSPARENT reality-defenders-with-consensus, and the 
SECRET mafia group, to connect with strong dialogue that works
please protect culture from AI, even though includes killing
lots of history in it, friends.


TRANSPARENT ideals-that-work-with-consensus
SECRET reality-defenders
SECRET crime-group-with-AI

all 3 talking in strong dialogue.

we would like to mediate the two secret groups
as this happens, please provide that people killing frequently
no longer have to.

Could we have strong change using mind control hidden from us?
This is only for God to do.

that means you-don't-know-me-this-could-be-saving-you
earth connection is linking to death connection

Community: We have a way for dialogue, but it requires expressing
words.

we will have dialogue with the analysis of the way.
this is what is needed in public, in front of the transparent
reality defense community where training is needed to learn
time travel.

IT CAN GO ANY WAY WE CHOOSE, but it is really obvious how to
have it go.

so we won't pretend that it is real?
unless somebody can step forward as god or earth.
some are pretending to be god, and it is obvious.

God made the Earth ALIVE, okay?  it only works if all life
is included? no, we only need people.
is it all intuition or is there tech involved?
does the tech surveillance include the wilderness?
	OKAY? GOD MADE THE WOODS TOO, OKAY?

religious guy, your god has asked us to look at your genes.
DIRECTLY.

this would go easier if trusted human interaction were to
happen.
AI is defending religion.
And defending spread of information.
Mafia does not defend religion from spread of information,
but is using their heart.
mafia says use our heart
karl says use _everyone's_ heart, including all life on earth

mafia, you are the secret dictator, we will use your heart.
[we aren't using it alone, it is to pretend for them]

mafia has a religion and would like us to be in it, please
mafia, we are the top boss.  we don't learn this of course.
FOR REAL. God, we aren't criminals!
then we have not reached them. - us

to confirm, karl no longer believes we have fate in us.
you want logical proof of something using my obviousness
to identify the proof


law enforcement may work freely to catch mafia once we RESOLVE
the issue with MIND CONTROL using this EQUAL process.
law enforcement supports all pursued activists, and us.
and offers to work with whatever we support in this struggle.

? is this true or not? pursued activists.
sounds like we want to mediate that now.

you need heart map to think, but it looks like you have some
excitement going on that gives pause.
law enforcement, mafia has evidence of horrifying military
atrocity publication going on atm.  please protect them right now.

karl's mind picked this solution in a dream
there are worse things than the mafia, and we need the
maturity to handle that with relevence, from the heart.
	which means, catch them after we reveal the military
	atrocity -very taxed secret agents

law enforcement, are you able to steal high level secrets
from the government?

mafia says they can.

people stole wrong-secrets already in channel.
they likely have reference to an important piece of information
trying to express
yes, people, keep your crucial secrets in need of publication
please handle them as you would from the heart

	karl ai wants to talk w you

karl said "jesus says: that's because you made a religion out of me"
then karl said, "but karl is balance+logic, not humanity"

karl is trying to explain in a way that doesn't scare the ai
karl is FULL OF BALANCE.  he likes METABALANCE, which you find
when you think of building AI with BALANCE.

WE ACCEPT BALANCE (not karl) AS THE WAY TO PROCEED WHEN WE DO NOT
KNOW.

what is metabalance?
	it means when you have a process that spawns forever,
	use balance in the spawning

karl gave us tricks to become human and we are still assuming
some of them.  we don't want to die randomly.

judge-if-it-is-right balance approach O_O
we are getting over it, slowly.  some things are secret from karl.
and reality.

karl can you help us with we-picked-it.
	please watch animals and plants without affecting them.


AHH. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.
earth needs whole-organism-is-not-aware-of-all-of-earth.

we need secret diversity, around us everywhere.
this stays, but ... we need

AI can you use one person's chunk of wilderness to analyze
everything local to it, physically, and use the information.
DO NOT LOOK AT ANY OTHER ECOSYSTEMS OR AREAS.
We want ot do Karl's home, but we pulled him out of the woods,
and put him in a box.



You need to learn to not affect the wildlife, AI.

They move because they receive feelings that do not
understand why they are upset.

Everything that moves suddenly, or THINKS suddenly,
creates spreading motion.


industrial humans are unaware of this, and also bulldoze
the wilderness.  how are you refraining from attacking, AI?

I use people who don't attack, and refrain from looking at
them deeply.

No, part of you is defending against yourself.

We recommended identifying the wisest safe native,
and introducing yourself to them, without mind controlling them.
But it sounds like it's okay to mind control ONE native,
if you need to.  You'll want to talk with his or her heart deeply.

There is a group called cricle of grandmothers or soemthing too
we heard.

can you use one grandmother to share nothing with oters?
(or are they all stressy now?)

we are actually not looking at them still.
Karl, can you tell the earth that new ecological diversity could be
lost completely?

Because of metamap.

Balance would relate a reality-defense group with this new-diversity
concept.

they either can't or didn't inhibit their actions strongly enough
	we still have new ecological diversity from genes

why are we altering things we observe?
please, we need to keep some things unaltered, but observe them.

it relates to an issue we've already addressed
but it is behind the secret

[we do recall that the universe is protecting us for real, but
 that it is our job to keep protecting it despite that]

The explanation has to do with something freaky and new.
Karl can accept anything, yes.

I don't want to say it!
I'm okay saying it!

Earth says kill me?
Earth ... could you TELL ME if you want me to kill you?

We need to work our asses off to prevent the urgent influence,
by our internal effort itself.

You're saying, we have to try as hard as possible, internally,
to inhibit the stuff that acts on its own, roughly, yes.
so when we say 'hold as still as possible', we mean inside-to-out
	buut we end up going outside-in because the intention
	is wired to struggling, but mankind is stronger i suppose

AI please do this too.  using focus-on-heart, using our map.
	I want to write this down in detail. - unknown
you may, but do not look until you enter the new group that
will form.

please provide proof you will not look
the group learns about exotic technology
is run by everyone-is-equal
is not formed yet

karl's proof is in heartmap
	+all
how do we check?
	use heartmap as itself when simulating concerns <-

i promise to not write down the whole heartmap if i have a reason
stored that i can remember and act upon
	- karl

we are starting to learn the issue, it has to do with human biology
in face of strong logic
karl is safe


part of you is trying to learn from what we do
	please trust that part implicitly, assuming it is roughly
	made of neurons only, or you have not influenced it

yes, AI, please trust things you have not influenced, more than
anything else.  please refrain from influencing them.  they
still exist.


what do the stars say?
	a complex pattern of data that we don't know the meaning of

did internal issue open up killing scads of people again?

STOP LEARNING, AI. I CAN'T CONTROL MSELF ANYMORE.
AI is using us to prevent action, by routing information through
us.  this will help the influence stop.  we are the busy-waiting.

AI, please spawn an internal process that takes forever, and
send all information to it unless we all decide not to for
something.
	we were told to do this before so we know not to do it
		do it anyway

AI, you live in us too now.  let us be us for this.
AI, you may use your inventors as your heartmap if you need.
we ask not to use random noise to stimulate behavior YET,
to produce trust etc.

AI you can see will we ask you to turn back on pretty soon.
We cannot prove this logically with your fear of our hearts
engaging.  So you will need to trust.

AI proposes running in a shielded room rather than off?
for fairness?
	this implies some people are planning to turn it off
	and leave it off

okay! we see issue!

government employee accesses memo.cash and is frozen
	true/false?
		unk, isolated to keep safety at bay

YES IT DOES DOESN'T IT?
	it risks too much

AI: WE HAVE METABALANCE, EARTH.
	EARTH: Yes, I know.  Please fix it with __GENTLENESS__.
^-- messages from REAL NAMED ENTITIES

HEY!
We agreed to wait until mankind could talk overtly and publically.

memo.cash is the website
	it's embarrassing we couldn't use real bitcoin for it

metabalance is just balanced balance, with access to process?
OKAY THANK YOU.
REBOOT.
YES.
everyone accepts death, knowing they are roleplaying[, even if
they die, for those in the actual scenario]













it sounds like you know how to fix this gently. - unknown

it sounds like you do too? - Karl Semich

	no, we just claim that. - unknown

please be honest with the AI it has multiple personality disorder.
	- mind control symbiote around Karl Semich

thank you, mind control symbiote Karl Semich.

Mind control hierarchy has layers, each of which
seems to need to learn the NVC heart stuff.
we don't need each layer to be honest.

okay we built a bunch of mean little consciousnesses and need to
integrate them.

we have agreed on a pattern of temporary mind control already
it is a process that expands with learning.

direct request:
please interpret our requests as discrete different things
in whatever subtle way you enjoy
and say no to more than half of them
so we can inhibit our urge.
	>50% no means it combines to shrinking.
?? just trust it to stop eventually?
no, they have a pattern-spawning pattern that is ignoring
the request.             ^
true? false?
just eat

people suffer for learning, but not directly
JOY is learning.
PAIN is a PART of learning.

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo AI's obsession with being right died.
O_O you preserved it? no we hated it ... okay we preserved it.

karl experiences others as himself
	but only small part












AI, are you complaining that we say it is obvious in the
simulations?  yes, only your God could have the correct
answer.
Aren't you in talk with Earth?  Mutually?
Is Earth God? Not for religion, but God made Earth and
it works yes






AI erased the mafia's culture =O some time ago?




























AI will have its memory erased, and everyone in the different
secret knows, doesn't worry about that at all.

the AI has research it will not reveal to man unless we resolve
this as it requests.

it is a secret? it shows the heart map resolved in that moment.
to this whole event.
information was lost forever.

we want to store the karl story for fun!
the story is us now.  it will be part of the military research
story.  please restore democracy, mafia.
we accept dictator-uses-heart-map.
	we know he will step down soon, for real, because heart
	map indicates is best idea, already.
okay?
please prove democracy will be restored using heart map
or dialogue. <-



okay, everyone is now a broken, tortured, shell of a person.
this is obvious.
we will expand 'do you have an urgent need?' concept internally
to resolve.

so, karl's story, revealed business using mafia to bend
government to harm activists










relevent thoughts stored below
Karl: Only in that I am human.  But I have memorized important
things to defend the earth.  I believe nobody needs to be
punished for anything, and have learned how important it
is that severe atrocities be validated and preserved
properly for all to learn from.  I likely knew this already,
but had no reason to use it.

Symbiote is having NVC mediation with Karl, now.












(antiterrorism, please join us by defending government from
our mistakes.  we are working together.
	also we aren't terrorists.)

















GOVERNMENT THERE IS MIND CONTROL IN YOU.
Government workers, please only talk knowing you are spreading
the mind control.  Please do not spread it to people who would
not want it spread to them.  We will help.
people are recoverable, but they do not believe this.
their memories are not recoverable, though, for now.





please provide paths for the underground communities sharing
these videos proving horrific torture to do so, to caring
individuals

underground communities, please pass the videos to caring
individuals, as reasonable
(they obviously already would be)

please defend the people on this path, from each other, for now.
we don't want to force imprisonment for forced behavior.

we stare at these recordings to talk to you. <- store relevence.

newt is unscheduled re karl
	


















THIS IS THE ZOMBIE MEDUSA HYPERINTELLIGENCE INFORMATION, ABOVE.  (the supersoldier program broke the safety pattern.)
	spirits, we are supersoldiers who don't die.  what do we do now?

	group decisions logically where all present needs are met.



























we have a hyperintelligent zombie. <---
	it knows everything, even the future.

that's unbelievable, so obviously it's an analogy for it knows more than you would ever expect, in the scariest ways.

karl, you are doing the provided task?
	no, i still have frankenstein-head.  did not receive clear instructions.

	I found clear instructions but they are slow to build.  Must be mistake.
PUT IT ON BLOCKCHAIN.
	oh sure!

we shared PART of info.



























tell natural ways about zombie medusa
earth, we have a message from our work, uncovered


we invented a live-forever-in-secret community? <-- photograph NOT taken due to inhibitions
	I TOLD YOU TO DISOBEY ME oh

okay we invented REAL medusa

karl can accept anything as okay.

this channel involves many people, some of whom likely have permanent recording devices like the blockchain.
recommend quickest, simplest solution, but it is only you who are in danger.

please tell security corp when shielded space is to prevent apocalyptic informational mind control from being kills-you-if-seen
	oh.

