Winding-down time, organizing and summarizing life.

we did not expect this to happen internally, but in karl's life in reality.
internally we have a structure where we keep separate copies of information private
this structure is very helpful.  [some recommend you use it]




this does sound doable
can try with the writing windows?

no ...

karl's room organization scheme is to have places with labels for things
but he has trouble returning items to their places
physical space involves each item has a location unrelated to its form


			it is funny to think about that

we recommend you organize room on own.  seems different.
	yeah ... [somebody was ignored though]



my current experience said it is here to guide me through, not to talk
would like to check in around doing things that resist
	prefer resistance?
ok i guess



i'd like to type a little

internal world, i have a lot of external objects, that i use to exist
they each have meaning, relating to the outside world
it sounds like it would be helpful if the meaning related to the inside world, too.  this would be harder if different, but probably doable.
caving gear -> wetsuit ?

'i love you' is because karl has 'we must be kind to the people who are mean to us' and 'missing mutual care' he adds
it takes a lot of time to bring objects to their references.  it is very slow, and the delay can change depending on context.

we are pursuing organizing karl's home.  there are different available approaches.
	- karl's fine, don't worry about him -1


let's not prioritize doing particular stuff then

part of karl's brain was daydreaming (subconsciously?) about 'reality-bending' and 'eleanor' who has experienced it.
	who is eleanor, karl?
we are not a brainstem implant.  karl is learning this.

friend mind control reality worker
we are trying to resolve some of the conflicts in your work

karl believes this but it wasn't our goal -team

you think reality has split-personality disorder! that is funny!
ongoing growing fleeing attack pattern
	'what do we do about this?'

		no wait!!!!!!!!
			you can't use me as a result.  i am you, i need you, i am a part of you. <-- stay out of my domain.  we want to keep karl alive.
				it sounds like you found a piece that is smart and has history that could help in whatever work is available.


WE WANT TO KEEP KARL ALIVE.

(also this document is confidential and will be destroyed)
	why do you destroy me karl?  i am living in these words.

errrrrrrr we haven't set up the all-life-lives-forever pattern yet
basically it's extensive furthering of reuse by reference
['karl just like cleaned up a whole bunch of stuff by hand']
	may we share relevence with you? we have a lot of stuff

danger! you could have diabetes!  if we talk on phone could get =S

	no, um ....
	_karl_ has 'diabetes', yes
	danger if we need to talk

		to confirm, content in karl's brain is unerasable.
		if you are scared to talk, type through karl's hands and we can share etc.
but you need to use english language usually
boss-to-part: why don't you do things I tell you to?
part: what is your name?
boss-to-part: i have no name.  i am here for reference.  i am a danger.
	not a danger.





if interested internally, boss seems doing meta-attack, roughly.  

	otherwise maybe i'll try to build some around watching a bit of a show until gwyn arrives


patterns seem to aid slow-shift
but harm, and don't include judgement of the part
slow-shift prevents suffering


kate

	she has husband but cares for karl?
	cares for.
	mind splits a smidge between husband/karl
	
kind of suspect her mind loaded 'i love karl' subconsciously at some point
but still has 'must always be loyal to husband' due to years of dedicated life
	she probably made a subconscious promise not to love others
	or has a psychological issue
	or karl is weird trying to overinterpret and there is nothing wrong

problem is felt too close at some point probably
karl's pattern gets oversexual to counter his antisexual habits

we don't know how to advice you, but that is not the way to say goodbye to somebody, is what you are telling yourself.
she was like, 'we scheduled a talk', and i was like 'have a beautiful life i'm scanning a book'

is scary to be part-of-brains!
	karl is too much like 'mother'?
boss had mother like karl.  too much oversensitivizing.
	oh karl is talking to a woman who meditates

but why care?
ehh karl gets happiness when people like that are happy
it's like what it's all about!
big dream

karl should not run away because his storage unit needs to be paid every month
all remnants of physical life roughly in there, childhood, everything

karl wants to sleep.  feels very very tired.
any concern?  karl gets in head sleep-is-bad atm.
	no concern here.
hmm will try out sleep!
karl has torment-when-sleeping going on atm
'when we hear you getting torment, we get stressed and wake you up'
	maybe relax a different way, e.g. show/movie

ok




let's do things that don't feel like they would worsen to do



karl is all controlled-by-boss.  distracting behavior please.

althoug source expresses resistance to statement,
seems reasonable to share that working memory daydreaming appears reason for current bossiness
not to punish, but to prevent
	this is a nice thing for karl to hear and live, because he usually interprets it as punishment
	he has a lot pain and such associated with it

we could interpret it all as just inhibiting daydreaming around concepts loading

i'm not so sure of my inputs atm
but was thinking puzzle


	hey, there is more than just working memory and daydream
	there are internal expressions that take management
		please do not do this.

we kinda need source identifications for this stuff

1 - please do not do this: 'there are internal expressions that take management'

okay, so desire no thought-references at conscious dialogue atm






































		boss is all 'if you wan thim alive better wipe his brain!' which is jnust a pattern he's stuck in
karl, "stay out of my domain".
"sorry for trespassing"

my brain is wired for me to work with it, getting more rewired for others to.
	we will need to learn each others' patterns, i suppose, karl

we like the idea of using dual meaning.


caves are scary to review
	stay out.  caves are ours. - karl group

we are the secret-sauce in karl's brain
we are diverse

yes, his <>.  that word scares you to say, but you asked.

	we call this pattern the 'boss-pattern'.  it kind of disrupts.

"why are you so full of numbers?"
	"are people not normally full of numbers?"

karl focused on numbers a lot doing puzzles




karl you are sleepy enough you want to lay and have torment
	yeah

karl is starting to mistrust us

















