I'm thinking of just making a steel box with a door that only opens when I meet requirements.

	I have some concern around what the plan is for preparing the things that are put in the door.
	We have sugar and nicotine lozenges.  We could powder them.
	We could use a rotating cone to dispense the powder.
	The powder could fall onto a scale, connected to a computer.

	Let's start off by making a digital scale powered by an olimex computer.
	Let's start off by figuring out and getting supplies to build an electronic scale.
		I am following https://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-Build-Arduino-Weighing-Scales/#discuss
		Phidgets makes a 100g 'micro load cell', is available from amazon and other places.  does not ship to amazon drop box.  probably cheap on ebay.  can be found <10$
		HX711 module amplifies signal from load cell.
		

		I ordered the 100g load cell and 2 HX711 modules from ebay using my last credit.
		Should arrive within a week.  Hopefully they e-mail me tracking information.
		This means I will need to read my e-mail.

		i found my olimex -- it was already in the room.
		to use it i'll likely want an hdmi cable and an ethernet cable.
		not sure where the serial cable is, unfortunately.

		Lowes: ethernet cable 6.67ish hdmi cable 9.98ish
		I bought those things.  Attempting to power up this enclosed device I found.
		It is not an olimex.  It is a raspberry pi.  It has a fan wired in.  There is some malfunctioning
		code that appears to be to control the fan.
		I know from experience the fan will break if left on.  It defaults to on.
		
			raspberry pis can break but this one is enclosed in a steel box.  It might be okay.
			I could make it into a control device.  I wonder if ROOT could be installed on it to run old thing.
			is time for nicotine

Plan:
	mass powder in a trough.
	trough dumps.
		how do we move from receive-dump to dispense-with-door?
		focus on receive-dump.
	well, we could dump straight into something, that a door opens and reveals.
	we could forego the whole door, and dump into an opening on the bottom.
	user has to place receptacle under opening, to get powder.

	re: autogrinding into powder, we can use a drillbit in a constrained environment.  inside a cylinder.
		
